The **2023-12-10 meeting** was held on *December 10<sup>th</sup>* at *16:00 UTC* on [IRC](IRC "wikilink").

Present were:

- [Servalot](https://github.com/Alasdairbugs)
- [mrkubax10](https://github.com/mrkubax10)
- [Vankata453](https://github.com/Vankata453)
- [MatusGuy](https://github.com/matusguy)
- [RustyBox](https://github.com/Rusty-Box)
- [Tobbi](https://github.com/tobbi)

Additional participants:

- [tulpenkiste](https://github.com/tulpenkiste)
- [frost3424](https://github.com/frostwithasideofsalt)
- [allie/bruhmoent](https://github.com/bruhmoent)

Minutes
-------

### 1. Replacing coin counter with the per-level stat, collecting Tux dolls to unlock BIs (RustyBox's idea in SuperTux/supertux#2595).

* The coin counter should be replaced with the per-level stat in levels, addition of global Tux Doll counter in worldmap HUD.
* Finishing Story Mode would be the main requirement for unlocking Bonus Islands, Tux Dolls would need to be obtained for each BI from their respective world as a second requirement, on a world-by-world basis.

### 2. Fixing Tux OP slide-jumping issue

* Preserve Tux's speed when slidejumping on a slope, don't grant any if not.

### 3. Approximate month for 0.7.0 release?

* August, 2024.

### 4. Should BI2 be delayed for post-0.7.0? (How much progress has been made?)

* Focus on BI1 for now. Keep BI2 in mind, but not as a priority.

### 5. Should new strings now be synced to Transifex to give time for translators?

* Sync strings 2 months before release to give translators time.

### 6. Discussion about requirements and rules for adding add-ons into the repository.

1. Add-ons need to contain no harassments or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well.
2. If an add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. A video is required on submission.
3. Levelset add-ons should be 100% completable. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the world setting "..." (some new setting we'd add).
4. Every levelset addon should have at least 3 levels and base effort applied.
5. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm is allowed.
6. Addons need a specified license by the creator.
7. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware.
8. Provided description or screenshots for an add-on should not contain content, not available in the add-on.
9. Each levelset add-on should contain one screenshot on submission.

* Add-ons will be accepted based on a review from a selection of testers.

#### Additional ideas:

* Addition of a "Featured" category to outline high-quality add-ons.

### 7. Credits clean-up - who will do?

* RustyBox will do the credits overhaul.

### 8. What time interval should meetings take place in?

* Each 2-3 months.

Log
---

Messages were logged on the **UTC+1** timezone.

```
(16:56:00) Tobbi changed the topic of #supertux to: https://github.com/SuperTux | Stable: 0.6.3 | Nightlies: https://download.supertux.org/ | You must be registered with NickServ and identified to talk here! | Do not leave early! | Logs: https://ddns0101.ddns.net/view_logs?channel=1 | Team meeting soon‚Ñ¢
(17:00:40) mrkubax10: so I guess we should start now
(17:00:45) rustybox: sure
(17:00:46) ** mrkubax10 is logging
(17:01:07) mrkubax10: ** 1. Replacing coin counter with the per-level stat, collecting Tux dolls to unlock BIs (Rusty's idea)
(17:01:15) Servalot: D: D: D: D:
(17:01:32) rustybox: okay. to summerize the idea I had:
(17:02:33) Tobbi: ?
(17:02:50) VankataAddons üçä: oka so are we here
(17:02:56) mrkubax10: yes
(17:03:02) rustybox: instead of having a global coin counter across a world/game. we replace it with a counter that  only tracks coins per level i.e. entering a level with 100 max coins it will show as 0/100. Entering a different level with like 90 max coins it will show as 0/90
(17:03:19) rustybox: basically
(17:03:22) mrkubax10: I like this idea
(17:03:38) mrkubax10: and maybe show total coin count in worldmap?
(17:03:44) vankata453: i think this is a good idea because it removes the global coin counter which has been proven with time to be quite difficult to find a globla purpose for.
(17:03:55) matusguy-mobile has quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)
(17:04:07) rustybox: yup
(17:04:21) mrkubax10: and what purpose will coins in level have?
(17:04:29) rustybox: that also removes a coin counter for levels with no coins + the worldmap
(17:04:30) matusguy has quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)
(17:04:31) Servalot: I'm skeptical because some people have used coins for item shops and this removes that possibility right?
(17:04:35) vankata453: Coins in level will count towards the stat
(17:04:49) vankata453: however yeah this may conflict with shops
(17:04:56) mrkubax10: I can't remember of any worldmap with a shop
(17:05:00) rustybox: i guess
(17:05:04) vankata453: i mean the idea of shops
(17:05:06) rustybox: skittland has one
(17:05:09) MatusGuy: My ISP decided to do maintenance right now. I'll join in a few.
(17:05:10) rustybox: the remake atleast
(17:05:16) mrkubax10: hmm
(17:05:18) vankata453: right now?? XD
(17:05:28) MatusGuy: Yeah. It's crazy
(17:05:32) mrkubax10: happens
(17:05:54) frostc3424: Tbh shops really don't add much to addons, so I don't think it's a huge loss
(17:06:14) vankata453: in general about the shops idea, i don't see it as something that could provide much benefit
(17:06:26) mrkubax10: even if there is no global coin counter then that feature could be implemented via scripting probably
(17:06:36) Servalot: can someone post the points to discuss again
(17:06:48) mrkubax10: https://termbin.com/13h0
(17:07:11) Servalot: with point 1, i dont see how the first part of the sentence relates to the second part
(17:07:19) Servalot: this looks like two separate points to me
(17:07:25) mrkubax10: probably
(17:07:27) vankata453: it's a part of one idea basically
(17:07:39) vankata453: one that makes coins have purpose, another for a different globla collectible
(17:07:43) mrkubax10: both of them involve counting in some way :D
(17:08:35) mrkubax10: in my opinion shops in platformer games don't make much sense
(17:08:45) vankata453: i would honestly agree
(17:08:54) mrkubax10: you collect powerups in levels
(17:09:01) rustybox: it only would make sense if we had some sort of inventory
(17:09:03) rustybox: which we don't
(17:09:05) rustybox: soo...
(17:09:06) rustybox: yeah
(17:09:09) rustybox: kinda useless
(17:09:21) Servalot: And i think adding an inventory could overcompliate situations
(17:09:27) mrkubax10: so I guess first part of first point is discussed
(17:09:29) rustybox: true true
(17:09:33) vankata453: that seems like going too far with complexity yeah
(17:09:35) rustybox: seems so
(17:09:39) Servalot: OK im fine with that
(17:09:51) vankata453: so we discuss that no shops, showing coin stat?
(17:09:57) mrkubax10: yes
(17:09:58) vankata453: s owe agree*
(17:10:08) vankata453: okay, so now about i guess tux dolls to unlock BIs
(17:10:24) rustybox: shouldn't we do sliding first?
(17:10:26) rustybox: it's point 2
(17:10:35) vankata453: no this is a part 1
(17:10:40) vankata453: we haven't ended part 1
(17:10:45) rustybox: oh
(17:10:47) rustybox: oh yeah
(17:10:49) mrkubax10: currently there is no functionality that would allow altering worldmap state from another worldmap
(17:11:04) mrkubax10: so that requires some work
(17:11:04) vankata453: we could add it as some setting in profile info
(17:11:10) rustybox: so yeah uh... I like the idea (well I came up with it)
(17:11:11) vankata453: remember that PR i merged today? it can work for this
(17:11:20) vankata453: in some way what if it had a global state
(17:11:45) matusguy has joined #supertux
(17:11:50) mrkubax10: it would be cool to provide such support for addons too
(17:11:58) vankata453: we could if there is that global state table
(17:12:00) matusguy: Aight im back üòÅÔ∏è
(17:12:02) mrkubax10: not hardcode it for BIs
(17:12:05) vankata453: which when pushed to squirrel can be modified
(17:12:16) rustybox: yeah. people could make their own reward based on tux dolls
(17:12:23) mrkubax10: but that is the technical detail
(17:12:27) mrkubax10: idea seems cool
(17:12:31) vankata453: yeah we're about hte idea
(17:12:34) Servalot: i like the idea of tuxdolls unlocking the bonus island worlds, and if it can be tracked too that would be good. they're a bit of an anomaly of a "powerup" rn. heck, even defining it as a powerup or item is not possible given how useless it is
(17:12:38) Servalot: currently
(17:12:44) rustybox: and even if not anything major they can still use them as some sort of "star coin" collectible
(17:12:45) matusguy: True
(17:12:59) vankata453: yep exactly. since global coins are going away tux dolls is practically useless. this is an exciting way
(17:13:02) vankata453: to unlock something with it
(17:13:18) mrkubax10: so if that idea is used then dolls should not reappear when reentering level
(17:13:34) vankata453: i think they should not count until you finish level
(17:13:42) mrkubax10: yes that too
(17:13:43) vankata453: and if the level is finished tux dolls just don't count?
(17:13:59) vankata453: or their bonus blocks could be empty, that's also a way
(17:14:07) mrkubax10: second option is probably better
(17:14:21) vankata453: weren't tux dolls available from powerup object too?
(17:14:24) vankata453: i guess we remove that?
(17:14:34) rustybox: something I'm wondering is that, if we go with the tux doll as a collectible (which usually are hidden in secret areas) it would make those secret areas as a state kinda obsolete doesn't it?
(17:14:34) vankata453: aka make it so it's just bonus block
(17:14:38) matusguy: Powerup object is just obsolete in general isn't it?
(17:14:45) rustybox: so instead of having a level stat for secrets it should be for Tux dolls then
(17:14:52) vankata453: it isn't obsolete you can do cool stuff with it
(17:14:54) frostc3424: : okay, so now about i guess tux dolls to unlock BIs  Question, how many tuxdolls will be needed to unlock a bonus island? Like collecting all of the ones in world 1 for BI1, or will there be a bit more leeway?
(17:15:20) vankata453: i don't think the tuxdolls should be in secrets because of what rusty said
(17:15:31) vankata453: they are practically required
(17:15:31) rustybox: well
(17:15:34) vankata453: if you want to play another map
(17:15:36) rustybox: they are a reward for exploring
(17:15:39) rustybox: so why not?
(17:15:41) mrkubax10: maybe world -: bonus island "mapping" would be good option
(17:15:59) vankata453: actually you're right
(17:16:00) vankata453: nevermind
(17:16:10) mrkubax10: i.e. after collecting every doll from world 1 you unlock bonus island 1
(17:16:13) vankata453: they could be found all over the world, however, where will their counter be?
(17:16:39) rustybox: where the secret one used to be
(17:16:43) rustybox: or we make it part of the hud
(17:16:50) rustybox: like underneath the coins or something
(17:16:55) mrkubax10: maybe inside the level in pause menu but in worldmap directly in HUD
(17:16:59) vankata453: i think it should be on the HUD in the owrldmap
(17:17:03) vankata453: because it's global for the world
(17:17:09) vankata453: that would make the most sense
(17:17:12) mrkubax10: yes
(17:17:22) tulpenkiste has joined #supertux
(17:17:24) vankata453: if it's inside level it should be only the tuxdolls in that level
(17:17:28) vankata453: and then they should be a part of end level stats
(17:17:36) mrkubax10: yes
(17:18:32) mrkubax10: so final decision?
(17:19:16) Servalot: if the worldmaps are gonna be greyed out from not having enough tux dolls then you need an extra option in dev mode to say unlock all maps or something
(17:19:18) vankata453: so is the final decision to make tux dolls required to play bonus islands, as well as allow that for custom maps, and have them show up in worldmap HUD? is that right?
(17:19:30) mrkubax10: Servalot: right
(17:19:36) rustybox: sounds about right
(17:19:38) vankata453: yeah, it could fill in the state table
(17:19:45) vankata453: so point 2 ig
(17:19:49) mrkubax10: ok then
(17:19:56) vankata453: tux has that issue where slidejumping is just too OP and speeds him up
(17:19:56) mrkubax10: ** 2. Fixing Tux OP sliding issues
(17:20:08) tulpenkiste: tux has OP sliding?
(17:20:10) vankata453: rusty made a github issue about it but i wanted to put it here because someone will need to fix it
(17:20:14) vankata453: and player.cpp is especially a pain
(17:20:26) mrkubax10: yeah
(17:20:33) matusguy: tulpenkiste: if you just slide jump on floor you just instantly gain speed
(17:20:41) matusguy: Op as hell
(17:20:44) tulpenkiste: true
(17:20:45) mrkubax10: I remember zwatotem cleaning it up but it didn't go far
(17:20:50) mrkubax10: player.*pp
(17:20:51) vankata453: simply, slidejumping shouldn't give tux momentum, right?
(17:20:55) tulpenkiste: also
(17:21:04) matusguy: Yeah, but slopes should
(17:21:10) mrkubax10: maybe only slopes
(17:21:10) tulpenkiste: slide jumping under a semisolid platform makes your speed increase a lot
(17:21:23) vankata453: but sliding on slopes already gives you the momentum you need?
(17:21:28) tulpenkiste: like almost instant max speed
(17:21:28) rustybox: re point 2: this was my idea: https://github.com/SuperTux/supertux/issues/2581
(17:21:56) vankata453: okay i agree with rusty's issue
(17:21:59) vankata453: idea*
(17:22:08) vankata453: preserve speed when slidejumping on slope, don't grant any if not
(17:22:24) vankata453: yeah i just went to the summary lol
(17:22:30) rustybox: nice üôÇ
(17:22:39) mrkubax10: alright..
(17:22:44) vankata453: btw can we discuss the things on IRC mainly so it's logged for reference later?
(17:22:45) Servalot: if we're making it so people have tux dolls to unlock the bonus islands, the thing is, bonus island 1, 2, 3, 4, will have elements of things introduced in world 2, 3, 4, etc. So bonus island 1 will have elements introduced by later worlds. If we allow the tux dolls to unlock the bonus islands, players might enter the bonus island 1 world, see
(17:22:46) Servalot: unintroduced concepts, and get confused. this isn't ideal
(17:22:46) Servalot: therefore, do we require people to finish story mode AND have collected all the dolls of that respective worldtype to unlock the bonus island?
(17:22:54) mrkubax10: but is that doable? knowing our collision system and player.*pp situation
(17:22:55) tulpenkiste: ü´∞
(17:23:05) tulpenkiste: huh
(17:23:08) matusguy: Nice idea
(17:23:09) tulpenkiste: not the emoji I copied
(17:23:19) tulpenkiste: üëç
(17:23:25) vankata453: so i guess we're going back to the BI discussion?
(17:23:31) vankata453: huh
(17:23:35) mrkubax10: if there is need then sure
(17:23:48) vankata453: yeah servalot said some things
(17:24:28) frostc3424: Wasn't it the plan to have collecting all the tuxdolls in a world unlock a BI?
(17:24:28) vankata453: i would agree with him
(17:24:31) Servalot: what i said needs to be discussed cause there are advantages and disadvantages to both
(17:24:41) vankata453: you should have finished everything + gotten all tux dolls
(17:24:50) vankata453: because of mechanics you wouldn't even be aware of
(17:24:54) tulpenkiste: servalot: imo, requiring a completed story mode is a bit too much, maybe at most a single world per BI
(17:25:00) vankata453: the easiest way would be to have a tuxdoll in the last level?
(17:25:06) mrkubax10: this doesn't change if dolls are requirement or not, player maybe be confused either way
(17:25:20) Servalot: tulpenkiste but bonus island 1 contains concepts introduced in world 2
(17:25:21) mrkubax10: *may be
(17:25:27) vankata453: they could be, but we could have tuxdolls in the last level
(17:25:34) vankata453: so to get that last tuxdoll you need to have played it
(17:25:51) mrkubax10: which brings back my idea of one world per bonus island
(17:26:10) Servalot: well with the dolls, the player can be told with a green ! box whatever information is needed
(17:26:11) vankata453: can you expand on that ide?
(17:26:43) mrkubax10: frost said it too, you need to collect all dolls from world 1 to unlock bonus island 1
(17:26:47) mrkubax10: same for other worlds
(17:26:49) Servalot: yes
(17:26:54) Servalot: i agree with that
(17:26:57) Servalot: kind of
(17:27:12) Servalot: because bonus island 1 contains concepts in world 2, and maybe 3 and 4
(17:27:27) Servalot: which wouldnt be introduced yet if the player doesnt get to those worlds yet
(17:27:33) vankata453: yep, and having tuxdoll/s in the last level ensures you're familiar with all mechanic
(17:27:39) rustybox: I'm neutral on this. I get both sides but not sure if players wanna try a BI anyway after unlocking it
(17:28:00) vankata453: you've gone through all levels at that point
(17:28:01) allie ‚ô°.: i mean isnt the new 0.7 story mode pretty much fulfilling in terms of learning the skills required for BI1? Am i missing something?
(17:28:03) vankata453: so it ensures that
(17:28:29) rustybox: it does not have all mechanics introduced in world 1
(17:28:34) rustybox: like rocks are missing etc
(17:28:38) frostc3424: I mean.. i don't think Its that big of a deal. If the dolls are somewhat hard to find, i don't think newbies are gonna try and get them all
(17:28:39) rustybox: rock rolling
(17:29:10) mrkubax10: dolls requirement don't have any impact on that anyway
(17:29:19) vankata453: that's why the story mode could be pushed to new players in a way that BI is locked because of tuxdolls
(17:29:31) frostc3424: Collecting all the dolls feels like smth you would do after beating the campaign/all available content
(17:29:31) vankata453: you have other islands but they don't really utilize those mechanics i believe?
(17:29:33) mrkubax10: if player plays BI too early they won't know certain mechanics anyway
(17:29:56) Servalot: the consensus in the VC seems to be finishing story mode as the main requirement, then tux dolls need to be obtained for each BI from their respective world as a second requirement, on a world-by-world basis
(17:30:20) mrkubax10: alright that idea is fine
(17:30:20) Servalot: bonus island implies a bonus, a treat, so finish the main course (story mode) then you get treat levels later i think
(17:30:24) vankata453: ohhh now i get it
(17:30:32) vankata453: i thought we were talking about something else, i agree with this
(17:30:47) vankata453: can we re-write it in capital words so we can find it in the log?
(17:30:56) vankata453: capital letters*
(17:31:20) frostc3424: My main thought is how will this work with 0.7 & 0.8, with story mode not completed
(17:31:39) allie ‚ô°.: Well the last level of story mode finished = completed i guess
(17:31:40) rustybox: I guess if you beat all aviablable worlds with alldolls it unlocks all available
(17:31:47) Servalot: last level sets a flag for story mode = complete to true??
(17:31:54) Servalot: and just update what level thats in as the version go up
(17:31:55) Servalot: idk
(17:31:56) frostc3424: Well, alr then
(17:32:03) vankata453: should it count additional story mode levels?
(17:32:14) vankata453: i don't personally think so so that those are truly additional
(17:32:24) vankata453: so then last level setting completed = true makes the most sense
(17:32:27) mrkubax10: how do you decide if level is additional
(17:32:28) allie ‚ô°.: imo only the main path
(17:32:44) vankata453: you don't, you just unlock after last level is finished
(17:32:48) mrkubax10: ok then
(17:33:00) Servalot: next topic?
(17:33:09) vankata453: we discussed 1. and 2. fully now i believe
(17:33:09) mrkubax10: back to point 2 I guess
(17:33:18) mrkubax10: or that
(17:33:19) frostc3424: J
(17:33:30) mrkubax10: so point 2 is finished?
(17:33:59) vankata453: POINT 1 DECISION:  * global coin counter removal, show level stat in HUD, global tux doll counter in HUD * finishing story mode as the main requirement, then tux dolls need to be obtained for each BI from their respective world as a second requirement, on a world-by-world basis
(17:34:14) vankata453: tell me i didn't write anything wrong lol
(17:34:35) mrkubax10: seems alright
(17:34:38) vankata453: POINT 2 DECISION:  * preserve Tux speed when slidejumping on slope, don't grant any if not
(17:34:48) mrkubax10: ok then point 3?
(17:34:52) vankata453: time for point 3?
(17:34:53) rustybox: sounds good
(17:34:56) mrkubax10: ** 3. Approximate month for 0.7.0 release?
(17:34:58) vankata453: which is kinda a trivial one
(17:35:02) allie ‚ô°.: oh bot
(17:35:02) matusguy: Ooh boy
(17:35:02) mrkubax10: the most important one lol
(17:35:07) rustybox: my take: everything below june, impossible
(17:35:08) vankata453: rusty prolly has the most idea on that
(17:35:17) vankata453: however i think it should def be middle of 2024
(17:35:25) vankata453: in the worst case
(17:35:47) mrkubax10: I remember someone saying that we will release 0.7.0 at the beginning of 2024
(17:35:54) mrkubax10: approximating is hard
(17:35:57) vankata453: so the approximate month is june? @rustybox
(17:36:20) vankata453: mrkubax10: yeah we said that however it was an approximate from some time ago
(17:36:21) rustybox: uh... it is the earliest that is likly. but I don't know how confident I am in it
(17:36:30) vankata453: progression is inconsistent in FOSS games
(17:36:38) mrkubax10: so what is left for 0.7.0?
(17:36:39) vankata453: then we add 1,2 months on top?
(17:36:44) mrkubax10: briefly
(17:36:46) vankata453: wouldn't July be good then?
(17:36:51) vankata453: it's approximate month after all
(17:36:56) frostc3424: True
(17:37:03) rustybox: my major 0.7 takss still open are the Ghost Tree, Corrupted Forest and the powerup costumes
(17:37:08) vankata453: no one said release that month, just on it or around it
(17:37:08) rustybox: which are big things
(17:37:13) rustybox: the easiest being corrupted forest
(17:37:23) matusguy: How are we gonna contact peyla (however u say it) for the google play store release
(17:37:34) vankata453: okay, so how do you approximate those? june is the earliest you say
(17:37:37) allie ‚ô°.: semphriss is now in charge
(17:37:40) mrkubax10: matusguy: we will worry about that later
(17:37:45) vankata453: matusguy: play store is managed my semhpris
(17:37:50) vankata453: not pelya, he handed it
(17:37:53) matusguy: Ohh
(17:37:55) matusguy: Ok
(17:37:55) mrkubax10: ah right
(17:38:15) rustybox: yeah june is earliest that I think sounds realistic-ish
(17:38:27) rustybox: so I guess give it a couple months
(17:38:28) vankata453: do we put july then?
(17:38:33) mrkubax10: probably
(17:38:34) rustybox: like october
(17:38:35) vankata453: hmm isn't that way too much however
(17:38:40) vankata453: it's approximate afterall
(17:38:41) rustybox: wait no
(17:38:42) rustybox: too much
(17:38:44) rustybox: idk august
(17:38:45) mrkubax10: it also depends if there are any important programming tasks
(17:38:55) vankata453: i think july because you said june and august and that is between
(17:38:58) mrkubax10: something that would hold 0.7.0 back
(17:39:03) rustybox: sure
(17:39:15) matusguy: The only important programming task i see is collision rewrite
(17:39:27) mrkubax10: about that... probably won't happen lol
(17:39:27) vankata453: if we say july, it could then be june and august too
(17:39:40) mrkubax10: or rather not by me
(17:39:45) vankata453: i have a few other tasks, but i can quickly do them
(17:39:50) vankata453: yeah march seems realistic for my stuff
(17:40:00) matusguy: Ahhh crap. But we're still gonna fix collision issues?
(17:40:03) mrkubax10: yes
(17:40:06) vankata453: even earlier prob but maybe stuff will come up to fix
(17:40:07) mrkubax10: just not with rewrite
(17:40:12) matusguy: Alright ye
(17:40:15) vankata453: yeah we should fix them
(17:40:22) vankata453: it's just too limiting
(17:40:29) mrkubax10: currently major one is unisolid objects
(17:40:41) matusguy: rustybox: What more enemies do I need to code?
(17:41:45) mrkubax10: Vankata453: could you write meeting summary after it ends to put on wiki?
(17:41:45) vankata453: so can we approximate it keeping those things in mind>
(17:41:58) vankata453: yeah i will copy the uppercase decisions
(17:42:04) mrkubax10: good
(17:42:18) vankata453: also when you post the log can you remove <supertuxdiscord>
(17:42:22) vankata453: so it doesn't show up
(17:42:28) mrkubax10: I can
(17:42:35) vankata453: but anyways not to get off-track
(17:42:42) mrkubax10: yes
(17:42:54) mrkubax10: so August seems like a safe option
(17:43:17) vankata453: rusty said june and august so i thought july because it's in-between and works as an approximate
(17:43:30) mrkubax10: obviously this is just an approximation, it doesn't mean anything important
(17:43:33) vankata453: but if we wanna take the approximate more late then august would work
(17:43:52) vankata453: @rustybox which one do you choose?
(17:44:07) rustybox: i prefer august more
(17:44:10) rustybox: personally
(17:44:16) tulpenkiste has quit (Quit: Konversation terminated!)
(17:44:17) vankata453: POINT 3 DECISION:  * August
(17:44:19) mrkubax10: ok then
(17:44:29) mrkubax10: ** 4. Should BI2 be delayed for post-0.7.0? (How much progress has been made?)
(17:44:42) vankata453: i think servalot would know the most about this one
(17:44:54) vankata453: keeping in mind the approximate is august
(17:45:01) rustybox: sounds like it needs too
(17:45:09) rustybox: there is like barely any progress
(17:45:25) allie ‚ô°.: from i recall its like one finished level
(17:45:27) mrkubax10: delaying it post 0.7.0 would make releasing 0.7.0 more reasonable
(17:45:38) rustybox: sure would
(17:45:40) vankata453: yep i agree we should delay it but i may miss context which servalot would know
(17:45:49) mrkubax10: Servalot: ^
(17:46:10) frostc3424: I think bi2 should release with 0.7.1
(17:46:11) Servalot: i think we can get BI2 half done for 0.7.0 release and BI1 done by 0.7.0
(17:46:39) Servalot: the main problem atm is most criticisms are about perfect being the enemy of good, and compromises should have to be made more often i think
(17:46:39) vankata453: so i guess we don't include it in 0.7.0
(17:46:57) vankata453: yeah i agree, after all it's not story mode number 2 lol
(17:46:58) Servalot: considering we have 0.8 and 0.9 to adjust any imperfections there may be, the fabric of the levels should be gotten down
(17:47:08) mrkubax10: I don't have much to say about this because I'm not involved in level design at all
(17:47:11) vankata453: do we have 0.9 even?
(17:47:11) Servalot: so if we can control how we handle that then i think progress can resume
(17:47:16) vankata453: i guess that's future stuff
(17:47:44) mrkubax10: don't go too far in the future
(17:47:46) vankata453: however isn't the point to finish the BIs once for all?
(17:47:46) Servalot: unsure but probably not important
(17:47:52) vankata453: and not change them?
(17:48:14) vankata453: i personally would prefer if they are not finished for us to just not release them
(17:48:30) vankata453: or if they are expected to have an up in quality
(17:48:36) mrkubax10: we definitely should not include unfinished stuff in releases otherwise we will have second 0.6.3
(17:48:43) vankata453: yeah we've had enough of it lol
(17:49:06) Servalot: well a lot of things can have an "up" in quality, possibly even the current story mode levels being worked on. time is potent in providing some sore weaknesses in levels
(17:49:43) Servalot: thousands of people will play the levels that only a handful have tested a lot, thats a lot more playtime spent into giving any critiques, so again, the point is to just not let perfect be the enemy of good and have some flimsiness with whats acceptable
(17:49:57) vankata453: well i agree we could do ups in quality but they should be minor
(17:50:03) vankata453: in my opinion
(17:50:13) Servalot: ik its a bit of a vague answer but i think that will be best for keeping motivation going
(17:50:19) Servalot: yep minor ideally
(17:50:20) mrkubax10: incremental improvement seems reasonable
(17:50:40) vankata453: so i guess we couldn't really know until we're close to august whether BI2 would be released?
(17:50:48) vankata453: in 0.7.0
(17:51:01) mrkubax10: who is working on that btw?
(17:51:09) mrkubax10: besides Servalot
(17:51:13) Servalot: I think its a possibility that BI2 can be done by 0.7
(17:51:30) vankata453: we can delay the answer to this topic if needed
(17:51:33) Servalot: when I made TCC i did 90% of the workload in a year, and that was just me making the levels. and they were not with autotile.
(17:51:36) Servalot: so I think its possible.
(17:51:45) Servalot: we have multiple people
(17:51:48) Servalot: non crystal levels
(17:51:49) Servalot: autotile
(17:51:55) frostc3424: i feel like we shouldn't try to get BI2 out by 0.7, as it would probably feel rushed
(17:51:57) Servalot: motivation is low, even for myself atm
(17:52:24) vankata453: why's that?
(17:52:34) mrkubax10: so I guess that answer is: **maybe**
(17:52:36) vankata453: (it's a genuine question btw)
(17:52:36) Servalot: ^ yeah, i think focus on BI1 for now and keep BI2 in mind but not priority. some people may want to make levels here and there for bi2
(17:52:59) vankata453: POINT 4 DECISION:  Focus on BI1 for now and keep BI2 in mind but not priority.
(17:53:05) vankata453: right?
(17:53:08) mrkubax10: fine for me
(17:53:15) mrkubax10: as I said I don't have much to say
(17:53:25) vankata453: yeah serv prolly has most the info
(17:53:33) Servalot: motivation has been low for me also with respects to music stuff. combination of life stuff and other things
(17:53:38) rustybox: sure
(17:53:39) vankata453: point 5, i guess if approximate is august it's early?
(17:53:42) mrkubax10: ** 5. Should new strings now be synced to Transifex to give time for translators?
(17:53:49) vankata453: servalot: understandable
(17:53:53) mrkubax10: now we know the approximate of release
(17:53:56) vankata453: hopefully it comes back in a few months
(17:54:11) vankata453: if the approximate is august personally i say it's early
(17:54:17) mrkubax10: yes definitely
(17:54:21) vankata453: at least the programming things should be done before that
(17:54:24) vankata453: and we have work on it
(17:54:30) mrkubax10: maybe 2 months before release
(17:54:33) mrkubax10: like July or something
(17:54:36) allie ‚ô°.: yeah
(17:54:48) mrkubax10: 2 months should be enough for translating
(17:54:50) vankata453: anyone got something else to say about this one?
(17:55:07) Servalot: nope i think we good
(17:55:13) mrkubax10: nothing more from me
(17:55:20) vankata453: btw t0bbi could have a say in this
(17:55:23) vankata453: since he manages translations
(17:55:52) mrkubax10: Tobbi doesn't seem to be interested in participating in meeting
(17:56:17) Tobbi: hello
(17:56:19) vankata453: the main meeting is happening here because of logs lol
(17:56:25) Servalot: tobbi has been here just in VC
(17:56:33) matusguy: hes a "passive" member of the meeting
(17:56:39) vankata453: what do you think about point 5 keeping in mind August is approximate?
(17:57:33) Servalot: i dont have anything to say about transifex
(17:57:39) Servalot: i dont speak another language nor know what goes into that
(17:57:51) vankata453: it's about giving translations like 2 months in advance to translate
(17:57:58) vankata453: giving translators*
(17:58:12) Servalot: How much effort would it take
(17:58:13) vankata453: however if it's august i personally see it as early
(17:58:23) vankata453: i wouldn't imagine more than a few days
(17:58:36) vankata453: i haven't translated ST specfiically before but i'm thinking of doing so
(17:58:45) mrkubax10: I didn't do that either
(17:58:56) Servalot: I think it should be a priority to complete now, and we could announce on twitter if anyone can help with translating and such, and then that gives us time for other priorities during towards august next year?
(17:59:05) vankata453: whoever from the team speaks another language would be nice if they translate to 100% for that language
(17:59:30) vankata453: servalot: the problem with that is that a lot of programming things that add new strings would be added in the meantime
(17:59:40) allie ‚ô°.: i have translated quite a lot so i would say it wouldnt take long depending on the activity/announcements. there arent too many strings in st and i dont imagine there being too many of them with 0.7
(17:59:45) vankata453: i was thinking we do programming stuff and then think of asking translators
(18:00:02) mrkubax10: in my opinion month before release is max
(18:00:13) mrkubax10: 2 weeks even
(18:00:19) vankata453: ye, and min should be finishing programming stuff imo
(18:00:28) jesusalva: Uh... The rule for translation is 100 strings/day
(18:00:29) vankata453: 2 weeks seems little imo
(18:00:35) vankata453: people need to find that we are asking for translators too
(18:00:41) mrkubax10: then months seems alright
(18:00:45) vankata453: language packs are an addon but still
(18:00:47) allie ‚ô°.: well i think you should account for time it takes to spread the information, so a month would fit yeah
(18:00:55) mrkubax10: *month
(18:00:56) vankata453: yep exactly, string freeze
(18:01:10) mrkubax10: string freeze basically means feature freeze
(18:01:21) vankata453: i didn't understand your idea rusty
(18:01:25) vankata453: also @rustybox can you mention it here?
(18:01:36) Servalot: if they need 2 months for translating, we could release a 0.7.1 for giving translations
(18:01:42) Servalot: is what rusty suggested
(18:01:57) Servalot: bc levels change, cutscenes change dialogues, etc
(18:01:58) vankata453: i don't agree that is a good idea, because 0.7.0 will be quite incomplete with something as basic as translations
(18:02:02) vankata453: also translation packs are an addon remember
(18:02:06) vankata453: so we could push addon updates
(18:02:11) mrkubax10: I agree with Vankata453
(18:02:12) allie ‚ô°.: well then whats the point of shipping 0.7
(18:02:31) rustybox: so regarding translations, I was thinking that we could release 0.7 without translations and after the release, since all strings are present there, we make a patch release 0.7.1 for languages
(18:02:42) vankata453: they are, the language pack addon is downloaded whenever you set another language
(18:02:46) mrkubax10: so I guess reasonable decision is announce month before release
(18:02:53) vankata453: or idk, i think it should work that way
(18:03:02) mrkubax10: releasing version while knowing that patch will be needed doesn't seem fine
(18:03:06) vankata453: i know the language pack addon exists, hopefully it's sued
(18:03:07) vankata453: used*
(18:03:07) matusguy: I like tgat idea
(18:03:19) vankata453: announce 1 or 2 months before release?
(18:03:26) vankata453: i agree with t0bbi
(18:03:38) Servalot: D:
(18:03:42) Servalot: D:
(18:03:43) Servalot: D:
(18:03:44) Servalot: D:
(18:03:44) Servalot: D:
(18:03:46) vankata453: 2 months i think is better actually too, or month and a half even
(18:03:49) allie ‚ô°.: what happened?
(18:04:03) rustybox: we could also og with june string freeze or something
(18:04:10) rustybox: *go
(18:04:18) rustybox: that gives 2 months
(18:04:18) vankata453: i mean it depends on how the estimate progresses
(18:04:25) vankata453: so that's why we say it in a relative way
(18:04:33) vankata453: like "2 months"
(18:04:58) vankata453: so now the question is 1 or 2 months
(18:05:20) rustybox: 2
(18:05:24) mrkubax10: 2
(18:05:25) rustybox: more time = better üòÑ
(18:05:26) vankata453: https://termbin.com/13h0
(18:05:35) mrkubax10: so the decision is 2
(18:06:03) vankata453: POINT 5 DECISION:  * Sync strings 2 months before release, give translators time
(18:06:13) mrkubax10: ok then next point?
(18:06:22) vankata453: okay on point 6 i will need time to say my suggested rules
(18:06:29) mrkubax10: ** 6. Discussion about add-on reqirements and rules for addition to the add-on repository
(18:07:31) vankata453: 1. Add-ons need to contain no harrassment or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well. 2. Add-ons should be 100%-able (this needs to be discussed more) 3. Every addon should have at least 3 levels and base effort applied 4. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm
(18:07:58) vankata453: 5. Addons need a specified license by the creator
(18:08:13) mrkubax10: yeah seems reasonable
(18:08:20) vankata453: i can think of more i think
(18:08:34) mrkubax10: but those rules have to be listed somewhere
(18:08:35) Servalot: expanding on 2: I think if we can make some addons disable coin requirements, badguy, secret requirements for certain levels, this would be better maybe
(18:08:39) rustybox: sound good
(18:08:47) vankata453: 6. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware.
(18:08:49) Servalot: a few people agreed with that ^^
(18:09:08) vankata453: i think that could be disabled for worlds
(18:09:09) vankata453: from the info
(18:09:10) vankata453: file
(18:09:13) vankata453: so then 2. would be
(18:09:39) Servalot: as for point 3, i think 3 levels is very low. I think the minimum requirement shouldnt be about number of levels, because you could make 3 very small levels. even if we made the requirement 15 or 20 levels, you could make those all very tiny. so im not sure about that
(18:09:42) vankata453: 2. Add-ons should be able to be 100% completed. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the world setting "...".
(18:09:48) Servalot: yeah
(18:09:57) vankata453: then no stats will show in the world ig
(18:10:19) vankata453: servalot: 3 levels seems fine considering you provide base level effort too
(18:10:27) vankata453: that means the levels have some length too
(18:10:28) Servalot: so for point 3, I think the requirement should just be "Add-ons will be assessed by the Level design team to ensure that an effort of around ~200 hours has been provided" or something?
(18:10:30) vankata453: we could expand on that
(18:10:34) Servalot: again, arbitrary number
(18:10:42) vankata453: wait what? that is a lot
(18:10:46) Servalot: just that I think there should be a human process behind accepting a human made thing.
(18:10:49) vankata453: not everyone can spend 200 hours on an addon
(18:10:51) allie ‚ô°.: 200 hours is soo much, 99% of people dont ever put that many
(18:10:54) vankata453: i say minimum 5 hours
(18:11:08) allie ‚ô°.: how do you determine time spent
(18:11:36) vankata453: i guess by quality but i think addons will around 5-10 hours should also be accepted, you don't need to have some amazing addon to be on the repo
(18:12:08) vankata453: maybe even around 20 hours? anything over 50 imo is excessive, since addons should be opened to more creators
(18:12:21) allie ‚ô°.: ^
(18:12:25) vankata453: such quality requirement will cut off accepted addons a lot
(18:12:34) frostc3424: also this is just to get in the repo right
(18:12:39) vankata453: well yeah
(18:12:39) mrkubax10: yes
(18:12:58) mrkubax10: repo will be replaced by proper addon online service anyway
(18:13:06) vankata453: yeah i will try more on that in 2024
(18:13:14) frostc3424: yeah i think 200 hours is a bit much just to get in
(18:13:14) vankata453: i just wanna give it an attempt using a Git service
(18:13:19) Servalot: 20-50 is very low imo
(18:13:37) vankata453: if i wanna make a simple addon 20-50 hours would be enough for me to make it enjoyable enough
(18:13:47) mrkubax10: depends on the creator efficiency too
(18:13:49) vankata453: and i would want it to be in the addon repo, that's pretty decent
(18:13:59) frostc3424: maybe it would be fine to get the "featured" label i mentioned, with that being one of that requirements
(18:14:01) Servalot: creator efficiency.. true. maybe hours isnt the best
(18:14:06) vankata453: we will have a log dw
(18:14:10) Servalot: i think the map should be reviewed by people though
(18:14:16) vankata453: yeah i think we should look at quality
(18:14:17) mrkubax10: someone may take 100 hours and make a bad addon
(18:14:21) vankata453: no wait no
(18:14:22) allie ‚ô°.: Yeah it absolutely needs a manual review
(18:14:23) vankata453: base level effort
(18:14:54) vankata453: 7. If your add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. (Perhaps require vid?)
(18:15:04) Servalot: we should also remove pshit.ogg
(18:15:04) vankata453: this doesn't include 100% btw, just finishable
(18:15:21) vankata453: just add that underscore xd
(18:15:23) vankata453: ps_hit
(18:15:28) vankata453: anyways that's off-topic
(18:15:49) Servalot: i think we should have a featured label tho
(18:15:54) Servalot: with maps that have significant effort put in
(18:16:01) vankata453: i agree, we could have that even without the add-on service
(18:16:12) allie ‚ô°.: but would that be for 0.7 or future?
(18:16:15) vankata453: but this should allow for more base-level effort addons to get in
(18:16:19) vankata453: just not featured
(18:16:27) Servalot: bc maps like TCC and industrial easily have like 1000 and probs like 500+ (speaking as an observer) into them
(18:16:28) vankata453: that's why i meant 20-50 hours
(18:16:30) mrkubax10: allie: depends if someone starts working on it
(18:16:37) vankata453: maps like TCC 100% should get featured
(18:16:42) vankata453: to be separated from the base-levle addons
(18:16:44) frostc3424: also are people for or against the idea of having 2 teirs of featured? like a normal/silver featured, and a gold one for the most popular/"best" ones
(18:16:56) allie ‚ô°.: Im absolutely up for that
(18:17:02) vankata453: featured is probably enough for 0.7.0
(18:17:03) allie ‚ô°.: (not working on it, the idera
(18:17:05) vankata453: but in the future this could be col
(18:17:07) mrkubax10: at this point maybe add addon sorting
(18:17:22) vankata453: i am thinking of improving the addons menu in the future
(18:17:23) mrkubax10: by release, downloads, featured
(18:17:31) vankata453: idk if 0.7.0, but add searching, add sorting by type and stuff
(18:17:37) vankata453: latest updated, etc...
(18:17:48) vankata453: or just any from the gold and other ranks
(18:18:04) allie ‚ô°.: i mean i guess maybe for 0.7 we should at least have the categories
(18:18:14) vankata453: that's prolly the minimum
(18:18:28) mrkubax10: actually currently there are "addon" categories
(18:18:31) Servalot: could do a poll on multiple platforms for what addons should be reccomended
(18:18:40) mrkubax10: wait I put "" around wrong word
(18:18:43) vankata453: however i think that should then allow us to have base-level addons, so you wouldn't be required to have spent tons of hours on an addon
(18:18:47) mrkubax10: actually currently there are addon "categories"
(18:18:58) vankata453: we could do polls maybe here in the dsicord
(18:19:03) vankata453: that seems like the simplest way
(18:19:25) allie ‚ô°.: i mean discord will give us a plenty of answers so probably enough
(18:19:31) vankata453: the most experienced designers are playtesters are here
(18:19:45) vankata453: imo they should be the ones who determine ranks
(18:20:15) mrkubax10: alright so final decision is to add addon ranks?
(18:20:26) Servalot: i think the base effort required is going to be subjective from person to person, so if we have a panel of people who pick what goes on, people should probably respect what their definition of base effort is
(18:20:29) vankata453: addon ranks, and also i will copy those rules with last modifcations
(18:20:37) mrkubax10: alright
(18:20:44) vankata453: yeah, we need to define base-level effort
(18:20:44) Servalot: add-on ranks im not so sure of
(18:20:45) jesusalva: To be honest, I would just put a ‚òÖ in the featured level title and call it a day until it could be done properly >_: then even alphabetical sorting would separate it
(18:20:51) Servalot: i think just reccommended is enough
(18:20:55) vankata453: i think we just do it case-by-case and tell the submitter if the addon doesn't have enough effort?
(18:21:13) mrkubax10: thankfully we don't have many addon submissions
(18:21:18) vankata453: servalot: is there a reason why you think addon ranks wouldn't fit?
(18:21:31) frostc3424: true
(18:21:32) Servalot: it seems weirdly competitive for something that should just be about providing an enjoyable experience
(18:21:37) vankata453: mrkubax10: i think we should but that's driving force for site lol
(18:22:00) vankata453: servalot: i kinda agree actually
(18:22:15) allie ‚ô°.: i mean yeah
(18:22:35) mrkubax10: I guess that addon submission rules should be listed on addon website
(18:22:41) jesusalva: (I legitimately thought you would just be taking inspiration from BfW addon server, given it's one of the pioneers and all that... Wait why am I even rambling, I better make myself scarse)
(18:22:49) vankata453: they will, and even before that site, in the readme and template of addon repo
(18:23:21) mrkubax10: I'm mostly inspired by content.minetest.net
(18:23:35) vankata453: honestly true, wasn't it a gitea instance?
(18:23:37) mrkubax10: but if dedicated Git service will work then that's fine too
(18:23:43) mrkubax10: Vankata453: no
(18:23:45) Servalot: i think another reason for not having ranks like #1, #2, is that it leaves the community to discuss whats best, and thats a driving force of interaction wit hthe game
(18:23:49) Servalot: D: D:
(18:23:52) mrkubax10: git.minetest.land is a Gitea instance but that's separate thing
(18:23:53) vankata453: i have some progress on modifying a Gitea instance to support verification, and stuff like that
(18:24:00) vankata453: it's up on my profile
(18:24:04) vankata453: however it has work to do
(18:24:12) vankata453: it already generates paged addon indexes
(18:24:38) vankata453: servalot: isn't interacting with the game good?
(18:24:58) Servalot: yes
(18:25:03) allie ‚ô°.: I mean ranks would be something more like Gold Silver Bronze and not straight up numbers
(18:25:09) Servalot: same thing
(18:25:14) allie ‚ô°.: yeah i know, but just saying
(18:25:15) vankata453: it's the same thing ngl
(18:25:25) vankata453: also is each rank for a group of addons or each one?
(18:25:33) Servalot: wdym
(18:25:39) vankata453: because if it's a group i can see it, however if it's for each one it turns into a competition and that'd be ba d
(18:25:45) Servalot: i thought we're just having "reccomended" and then everything else
(18:25:45) vankata453: are addons grouped into each rankl
(18:25:52) vankata453: i am asking about the rank idea
(18:26:07) Servalot: i thought you agreed that it wasnt a good idea?
(18:26:23) vankata453: yeah but i wanna still get more info on it
(18:26:29) vankata453: before saying my final stance
(18:26:31) allie ‚ô°.: i mean from what i remember it was in groups?
(18:26:39) Servalot: i assume ranks will be for the actual addon, so #1 is octos island or whatever
(18:26:43) Servalot: and then #2 blahblah land
(18:26:47) vankata453: that's fine but then recommended seems simple enough and does the job
(18:26:51) allie ‚ô°.: true
(18:26:55) vankata453: you don't need that much ranking
(18:26:59) vankata453: so i still would go with recommended
(18:27:04) allie ‚ô°.: ^
(18:27:13) mrkubax10: yeah recommended seems good enough
(18:27:19) Servalot: as for the ranking, to obtain the ranks you would need to judge every update, balance it with other addons which have or havent updated etc and ugh
(18:27:19) vankata453: so, i guess we are deciding recommended addons, and also base-level effort for rules?
(18:27:23) Servalot: its just a lot more effort
(18:27:28) Servalot: so reccomending is good enough methinks
(18:27:37) Servalot: lets elaborate on the rules a bit
(18:27:42) vankata453: and yeah recommending could be removed if an addon is outdated
(18:27:42) Servalot: can you summarise them?
(18:27:48) Servalot: i just wanna see
(18:27:57) vankata453: give me a moment
(18:28:27) Servalot: sure ty
(18:29:16) vankata453: 1. Add-ons need to contain no harrassment or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well. 2. If your add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. (Perhaps require vid?) 3. Levelset add-ons should be able to be 100%-completable. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the world setting "..." (some new setting we'd add). 4. Every levelset addon should
(18:29:17) SuperTuxDiscord: have at least 3 levels and base effort applied. 5. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm is allowed. 6. Addons need a specified license by the creator. 7. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware.
(18:29:19) vankata453: some i thought of
(18:29:28) Guest15 has joined #supertux
(18:29:39) Servalot: 1 good
(18:29:40) rustybox: i like
(18:29:44) Servalot: 2 good
(18:29:47) Servalot: require video i think
(18:29:49) Guest15 has quit (Client Quit)
(18:29:54) vankata453: ah okay
(18:30:03) vankata453: i think that'd be good too ngl
(18:30:06) Servalot: bc aint nobody about testing that and then getting to the end and its just not doable. then they submit again and a later part isnt doable or something idk
(18:30:10) vankata453: you could also use that vid as your own gameplay
(18:30:15) Servalot: precaution for being trolled
(18:30:27) vankata453: we gotta check if it's actually the same as in the vid tho
(18:30:37) vankata453: but video gives a little more credibility still
(18:30:50) Servalot: true
(18:30:50) mrkubax10: also maybe require few screenshots
(18:30:59) mrkubax10: since we have that feature almost implemented
(18:31:02) Servalot: yeah screenshots for the screenie preview thingy feature
(18:31:04) vankata453: i think screenshots should be optional
(18:31:13) mrkubax10: if you say so
(18:31:13) vankata453: or maybe we could require one at least
(18:31:17) vankata453: idk
(18:31:26) Servalot: this could be like
(18:31:28) vankata453: i honestly don't mind it eitehr way
(18:31:28) Servalot: a bit meta
(18:31:41) vankata453: if you want your addon to make more people wanna download it you'd include screenshots
(18:31:46) vankata453: otherwise it's your own fault for not doing so
(18:31:51) mrkubax10: yeah lol
(18:32:03) Servalot: what if for the reccomended addons, we had a custom background for the tux running scroll thingy. so for TCC the map fades into tux walking in some crystal environment. for industrial, we make him walk in some industrial building thing.
(18:32:09) vankata453: we also gotta check whether screenshots actually relate to the addon (no clickbait)
(18:32:22) Servalot: again what i suggested is a bit meta
(18:32:32) mrkubax10: meta?
(18:32:37) Servalot: a bit out there
(18:32:39) mrkubax10: ahh
(18:32:40) vankata453: servalot: i think that'd require a lot of effort with GUI and stuff and it depends on how many recommended addons we'd have
(18:32:47) vankata453: i say don't plan this from now
(18:32:52) frostc3424: that would be awesome but effort
(18:33:07) mrkubax10: you need to determine if result is worth the effort
(18:33:18) vankata453: i doubt it's even worth the effort tbh
(18:33:26) Servalot: yeah i was just imagining scrolling through the addons, and as you're looking at the screenshots, the bg changes from tux walking in blahblah to what ever the map you're looking at is
(18:33:30) vankata453: so about screenshots do we require one at least?
(18:33:34) vankata453: or not?
(18:33:39) Servalot: i think it would be worth the effort given it would give a flavour of the map maybe
(18:33:48) Servalot: given it would give
(18:33:49) Servalot: YEP
(18:33:51) allie ‚ô°.: if we are requiring a video then a screenshot wont hurt
(18:34:02) vankata453: if you have a "featured" text that is enough to signify effort and quality
(18:34:12) Servalot: yeah
(18:34:19) mrkubax10: let's require one screenshot
(18:34:23) vankata453: other stuff is additional
(18:34:25) Servalot: we should also maybe get rid of the *NEW* tag then?
(18:34:27) mrkubax10: for the "taste"
(18:34:36) vankata453: the new tag isn't there naymore
(18:34:38) Servalot: because *FEATURED* should be what grabs the attention
(18:34:39) Servalot: ok
(18:34:41) vankata453: i think i removed it??
(18:34:49) Servalot: i havent checked
(18:34:54) vankata453: anyways
(18:35:06) vankata453: i agree
(18:35:14) vankata453: and i agree one screenshot requirement would be good
(18:35:19) vankata453: also another rule
(18:35:44) vankata453: 8. Provided description or screenshots for an add-on should not contain content, not available in the add-on.
(18:35:54) vankata453: no-clickbait rule
(18:35:57) Servalot: 1. Add-ons need to contain no harrassment or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well. 2. If your add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. (Perhaps require vid?) 3. Levelset add-ons should be able to be 100%-completable. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the
(18:35:58) Servalot: world setting "..." (some new setting we'd add). 4. Every levelset addon should have at least 3 levels and base effort applied. 5. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm is allowed. 6. Addons need a specified license by the creator. 7. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware.
(18:36:09) vankata453: 9. Each levelset add-on should contain one screenshot on submission
(18:36:11) mrkubax10: Vankata453: yeah seems obvious but probably not for all people lol
(18:36:17) Servalot: 9. Add-ons will be accepted by a board of level designers
(18:36:23) mrkubax10: i.e. typical FGD forum user
(18:36:26) Servalot: as for the board, should it be playtesters?
(18:36:32) Servalot: playtesters and team level designers
(18:36:34) vankata453: yeah i agree
(18:36:36) matusguy: yea
(18:36:40) vankata453: playtesters just like now, but i think we should add more
(18:36:44) vankata453: when that time comes
(18:37:04) mrkubax10: so I guess that this point is finished?
(18:37:15) Servalot: yep
(18:37:16) Servalot: last point?
(18:37:20) mrkubax10: yes
(18:37:25) Servalot: 7. Credits clean-up - who will do?
(18:37:35) matusguy: rusy
(18:37:42) rustybox: me
(18:37:42) mrkubax10: RustyBox was doing some work on it
(18:37:49) matusguy: Plz add me
(18:37:49) vankata453: 1. Add-ons need to contain no harassments or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well. 2. If your add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. A video is required on submission. 3. Levelset add-ons should be able to be 100%-completable. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the world setting "..." (some new setting we'd add). 4. Every levelset
(18:37:50) SuperTuxDiscord: addon should have at least 3 levels and base effort applied. 5. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm is allowed. 6. Addons need a specified license by the creator. 7. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware. 8. Provided description or screenshots for an add-on should not contain content, not available in the add-on. 9. Each levelset add-on should contain one screenshot on submission.
(18:37:51) rustybox: yeah I cleaned the file up for the most part
(18:37:55) rustybox: already added marty
(18:37:59) mrkubax10: what is left?
(18:38:01) matusguy: gr8
(18:38:02) vankata453: we haven't started the new topic wait
(18:38:06) rustybox: mostly final touches need I think
(18:38:11) rustybox: haven't looked at it in a while
(18:38:16) vankata453: POINT 6 DECISION:  1. Add-ons need to contain no harassments or swear language. This applies to files and folders as well. 2. If your add-on is any type of levelset, it needs to be fully completable. A video is required on submission. 3. Levelset add-ons should be able to be 100%-completable. If the creator prefers not to follow this standard, they should disable it from the world setting "..." (some new setting we'd add).
(18:38:17) SuperTuxDiscord: 4. Every levelset addon should have at least 3 levels and base effort applied. 5. No copyright infringement or plagiarizm is allowed. 6. Addons need a specified license by the creator. 7. Addons should not contain any mallicious content, like malware. 8. Provided description or screenshots for an add-on should not contain content, not available in the add-on. 9. Each levelset add-on should contain one screenshot on submission.
(18:38:35) rustybox: üëå
(18:38:39) Servalot: @vankata also add as 10. Add-ons will be accepted based on review from a selection of testers
(18:38:41) vankata453: POINT 6 DECISION 2:  We should have a "Featured" category to outline addons with high quality.
(18:38:53) rustybox: sure
(18:39:00) Servalot: yes
(18:39:02) mrkubax10: alright that is all?
(18:39:02) vankata453: POINT 6 ADDITION TO RULES:  10. Add-ons will be accepted based on review from a selection of testers.
(18:39:09) vankata453: point 7 now
(18:39:11) matusguy: Yes this is a pretty rizzful decision
(18:39:12) vankata453: who will do it?
(18:39:13) mrkubax10: ** 7. Credits clean-up - who will do?
(18:39:22) matusguy: Rusty
(18:39:23) rustybox: me I guess
(18:39:26) rustybox: i made stuff
(18:39:28) rustybox: i do stiff
(18:39:32) mrkubax10: he do stuff
(18:39:32) rustybox: i say stuff
(18:39:36) vankata453: POINT 7 DECISION:  * RustyBox will do the credits overhaul.
(18:39:41) Servalot: ok cool done
(18:39:42) rustybox: yes
(18:39:43) allie ‚ô°.: hurray
(18:39:45) Servalot: next meeting when
(18:39:47) allie ‚ô°.: :snowsmiley:
(18:39:47) vankata453: now anyone have more topics?
(18:39:47) mrkubax10: ok so meeting is over
(18:39:49) matusguy: I win this 1 hour argument
(18:39:51) frostc3424: 2023
(18:39:55) rustybox: okay boys N# galsclass dismissed
(18:39:57) vankata453: if anyone has more topics then now it's time
(18:40:04) vankata453: these were just mine
(18:40:11) mrkubax10: I don't think I have anything more
(18:40:17) arara has joined #supertux
(18:40:22) vankata453: servalot, matusguy?
(18:40:24) vankata453: @rustybox ?
(18:40:30) rustybox: i empty
(18:40:33) vankata453: i am happy with this meeting, it organized a lot
(18:40:36) matusguy: I don't have anything
(18:40:37) frostc3424: emptybox
(18:40:38) Servalot: we should do future meetings, next one ~march?
(18:40:39) vankata453: then it's over i guess
(18:40:42) matusguy: All i have are rants
(18:40:42) rustybox: emptysocks
(18:40:43) frostc3424: yes
(18:40:48) mrkubax10: if no one has anything left then we should decide about next meeting
(18:40:48) vankata453: end the log here
(18:40:53) Servalot: additionally, the next meeting should have more people hopefully. and maybe someone could present or lead a bit
(18:40:57) ** mrkubax10 is not logging anymore
```
