The **2024-03-17 meeting** was held on *March 17<sup>th</sup>* at *18:30 UTC* on [IRC](IRC "wikilink").

Present were:

- [Servalot](https://github.com/Alasdairbugs)
- [mrkubax10](https://github.com/mrkubax10)
- [Vankata453](https://github.com/Vankata453)
- [MatusGuy](https://github.com/matusguy)
- [RustyBox](https://github.com/Rusty-Box)
- [Tobbi](https://github.com/tobbi)
- [weluvgoatz/Daniel the Degenerate](https://github.com/weluvgoatz)

Additional participants:

- [tylerandari12](https://github.com/tylerandari13)
- [frostc3424](https://github.com/frostwithasideofsalt)
- [allie/bruhmoent](https://github.com/bruhmoent)
- [Jesusalva](https://github.com/pazkero)

Minutes
-------

### 1. What about investing donations into music resources for OST revamp?

* Up to $300 (approximate limit) could be given out as donations to music composers, or for music equipment, if needed. Can be increased a little if necessary.

### 2. How to resolve resolutions causing inconsistencies in cutscenes and badguy activation/deactivation?

* Cutscene issues could be looked into more, but we cannot limit the window size to account for certain inconsistencies.

### 2.1. Should we remove the "Magnification" option?

* Limit magnification option to just "adapted" (formerly "auto") and "pixel perfect" (100%).

### 2.2. Should we remove the "Aspect Ratio" option?

* Leave the "Aspect Ratio" option as it is for now, otherwise new problems would be made up.

### 3. Should we try out exponential smoothing for the camera?

***Postponed for next meeting:** Mathnerd314 was not present.*

### 4. How many approvals should a PR (Pull Request) be required to have to be mergable, and how long should a merge be delayed after it's announced?

* 1 review required for cosmetic PRs, 2 reviews required for small PRs, 3 required for big PRs.
* We should wait 10-15 minutes before merging small PRs, and a few hours for big PRs.
* Cosmetic PRs are apparent (for example, `README.md` typo fix). Whether a PR is small/big is determined on case-by-case basis.

### 5. What about our current sound system? Maybe rewriting it in SDL, which allows for more control over samples, would be a good idea?

* mrkubax10 will have a try at rewriting the sound system in SDL for more control over samples.

### 6. What about replacing the `fmt` dependency?

* Writing a wrapper around `snprintf`, which would pass all arguments to it and output a `std::string`, will be looked into.

### 7. What's the current progress on the BI1 (Bonus Island 1) revamp?

***Postponed for next meeting:** frostc3424, who suggested this question, was not present at that time.*

---

Next meeting will take place in a week, where postponed questions will be discussed, as well as any potential new ones.

Log
---

Messages were logged on the **UTC+1** timezone.

```
(19:30:29) * mrkubax10 is logging
(19:30:33) tylerandari12: First
(19:30:35) mrkubax10: I guess we can start?
(19:30:43) Vankata453: maybe someone ping him on discord
(19:30:43) matusguy: wheres mathnerd
(19:30:52) matusguy: mathnerd314: yoohoo?
(19:31:01) frostc3424: wait is there a vc going on rn?
(19:31:11) tylerandari12: Thats what im sayin
(19:31:13) matusguy: rustybox: you too?
(19:31:22) frostc3424: imma just join playroom for the time being
(19:31:25) rustybox: huh?
(19:31:29) Vankata453: meeting
(19:31:30) matusguy: Meeting
(19:31:34) tylerandari12: meeting
(19:31:36) rustybox: oh yeah. i forgor
(19:31:39) weluvgoatz: meeting
(19:31:42) tylerandari12: Ill also join playroom for now
(19:31:44) mrkubax10: here is the meeting agenda: https://termbin.com/fcyv
(19:31:59) Vankata453: first we should prob complete the 4th question
(19:32:17) weluvgoatz: should be good
(19:32:19) matusguy: orange do you have your coffee ready
(19:32:21) mrkubax10: well that's up to marty
(19:32:34) Vankata453: let me find the message
(19:32:43) Vankata453: > How we sometimes just merge things without thinking? How we sometimes just leave it to rusty to test things in game? I still remember the time when i asked rusty here for a review and you merged it anyway only because it wasnt on the github
(19:32:48) tylerandari12: I cant hear you guys lmao
(19:32:59) mrkubax10: meeting is here anyway
(19:33:13) tylerandari12: Bruh
(19:33:29) Vankata453: yeah stuff discussed in VCs is not logged
(19:33:49) Vankata453: I guess we could start with teh first question if y'all want to
(19:33:56) tylerandari12: I mean id still like to be in the vc lmao
(19:34:03) mrkubax10: I don't get why people are joining VC when meeting is announced to be held on IRC
(19:34:12) tylerandari12: because its fun
(19:34:12) Vankata453: as long as we discuss stuff here be in the VC ig, but idk the point
(19:34:25) tylerandari12: Hold up im gonna do some trolling
(19:34:30) tylerandari12: You guys can go on
(19:34:36) mrkubax10: yeah we can start with first topic
(19:34:38) Vankata453: 1. What about investing donations into music resources for OST revamp?
(19:34:58) mrkubax10: so currently we don't do anything with donated money
(19:35:02) Vankata453: I agree we should to some extent, because music is something the game has been lacking for a long time, so it'll be like a little push
(19:35:09) Vankata453: also some use of the lots of donated money
(19:35:53) tylerandari12: Tbh id say if possible reach out to people before we use the money, but it is there if we do wanna commission.
(19:36:09) Vankata453: yeah yeah, the offer is the question
(19:36:19) mrkubax10: also equipment
(19:36:45) matusguy: i think we should only invest when the current music contributors are feeling burnt out or something.
(19:37:02) frostc3424: huh?
(19:37:06) matusguy: What we could invest on is sound effects
(19:37:14) Vankata453: i kinda disagree with that because making something already great even better would have an even better effect
(19:37:18) rustybox: we should have plans for what we want and need if we spend money
(19:37:24) mrkubax10: also music is not something that block development of the game
(19:38:00) Vankata453: about sound effect, can't we count those towards music investments?
(19:38:08) matusguy: sure
(19:38:20) matusguy: How much will we invest tho?
(19:38:34) mrkubax10: Some budget planning would be good lol
(19:38:38) tylerandari12: Guys drag me in
(19:38:40) Vankata453: not sure what the current amount of money is
(19:38:53) mrkubax10: that's why Tobbi should be here too
(19:39:02) Vankata453: oh yeah for this question definitely
(19:39:22) matusguy: Crap
(19:39:36) Vankata453: ...yeah, i mean we can come back to it later if necessary
(19:39:57) mrkubax10: but I think it's around 1800$?
(19:40:01) mrkubax10: not sure exactly
(19:40:03) Vankata453: yeah me too
(19:40:18) matusguy: Damn thats a lot
(19:40:21) matusguy: i mean im 14
(19:40:25) Vankata453: $200-300 doesn't sound bad?
(19:40:45) Vankata453: idk what music creators need exactly tho
(19:40:55) matusguy: it doesnt sound bad
(19:40:59) tylerandari12: Yea
(19:41:05) mrkubax10: I'm not into music so idk
(19:41:08) Miner34 has quit (Quit: Client closed)
(19:41:12) Vankata453: but i guess we have the option
(19:41:43) tylerandari12: Yeah its there
(19:41:55) frostc3424: also idk if this was mentioned before but i think donating some of the money to people to who are working the ost would be a good idea
(19:42:08) mrkubax10: But like 300$ in what timespan?
(19:42:34) mrkubax10: it's probably not one time thing
(19:42:36) Vankata453: as long as stuff is needed ig
(19:43:03) Vankata453: since it would be a budget for music stuff, as long as there is still money left...
(19:43:21) mrkubax10: then 300$ limit doesn't make much sense
(19:43:25) mrkubax10: any limit doesn't
(19:43:26) Vankata453: if there is a need to discuss this again i'd imagine it'd be a time for a new meeting anyways
(19:43:37) tylerandari12: Yea
(19:43:38) Vankata453: not exactly a limit, more like an approximate range
(19:43:45) mrkubax10: for one donation?
(19:43:50) tylerandari12: This chat is dead lmao
(19:43:54) matusguy: no it sint
(19:43:55) mrkubax10: wat?
(19:43:58) Vankata453: i'm not talking about the donations, im talking about the question
(19:44:11) mrkubax10: orange when there is no 209380913809213 messages per second
(19:44:13) Vankata453: about the music equipment
(19:44:16) tylerandari12: Yes
(19:44:21) tylerandari12: I need engagement
(19:44:25) Vankata453: but donations sound like a great idea
(19:44:31) Vankata453: too
(19:45:02) mrkubax10: yeah I'm also talking about music equipment, it's donation from us in some way
(19:45:29) Vankata453: well, i guess in a way it is, but we get something from it back so it's also an investment
(19:46:17) Vankata453: but then you can call donating to composers also an investment cause it motivates them to work on more music so...
(19:46:22) mrkubax10: so I guess the conclusion is yes, and amount depends on need
(19:46:31) tylerandari12: Ok now this chat is dead lol
(19:46:34) Vankata453: but i guess we should keep that amount under a certain value
(19:46:40) frostc3424: orange
(19:46:41) frostc3424: please
(19:46:43) Vankata453: like under $500, $600?
(19:46:51) Vankata453: tylerandari12: let's be on-topic
(19:46:53) mrkubax10: I think that 300$ is a good limit
(19:47:02) Vankata453: i also do too
(19:47:05) frostc3424: yeah 300 seems fair
(19:47:13) frostc3424: and if need be we can go over
(19:47:14) frostc3424: but yeah
(19:47:22) mrkubax10: tylerandari12: then add something to the conversation
(19:47:27) Vankata453: any more opinions?
(19:47:32) Vankata453: otherwise i'll type out a conclusion
(19:47:32) tylerandari12: what am i supposed to add lmao
(19:47:38) frostc3424: nothing
(19:47:45) tylerandari12: 300 spunds good i guess lol
(19:47:45) Vankata453: if you ain't got nothing to say you don't say anything ig
(19:48:26) tylerandari12: That explains where everyone is lmao
(19:49:23) frostc3424: Gonna say this just in case i forget, we should discuss the current progress on the bi1 revamp after the main questions
(19:49:25) Vankata453: any more opinions once again?
(19:49:40) Vankata453: FrostC: you could mention that again after all questions are over
(19:49:42) matusguy: i dont have any more opinions
(19:49:47) tylerandari12: same
(19:49:50) Vankata453: QUESTION 1 CONCLUSION: Money up to $300 (approximate limit) could be given out as donations, or for music equipment to music composers, if needed, can be increased a little if necessary.
(19:49:57) Vankata453: good?
(19:50:08) mrkubax10: good
(19:50:12) frostc3424: Vankata: sure
(19:50:17) rustybox: can we add there needs to be a proper plan idea on what we want too?
(19:50:28) rustybox: i mean kinda obvious but just to make sure we don't spend willy nilly
(19:50:36) Vankata453: we will discuss that in internet i'd imagine
(19:50:39) Vankata453: internal*
(19:51:02) Vankata453: the question was more like in general
(19:51:13) mrkubax10: yeah this is just general plan, particular cases will require further discussion
(19:51:16) rustybox: alrighty
(19:51:20) Vankata453: question 2?
(19:51:27) mrkubax10: yes
(19:51:27) tylerandari12: sure
(19:51:28) Vankata453: 2. How to resolve resolutions causing inconsistencies in cutscenes and badguy activation/deactivation?
(19:51:40) matusguy: what does this mean again?
(19:51:41) tylerandari12: What does this even mean?
(19:51:42) mrkubax10: now with that I'm not sure
(19:51:47) mrkubax10: not sure what this is about
(19:51:49) Vankata453: My opinion is that badguy activation/deactivation consistencies aren't much of an issue
(19:51:52) Vankata453: to begin with
(19:51:55) rustybox: so what inconsistency are we talking about
(19:52:06) Vankata453: resolutions, people have reported this over time
(19:52:18) matusguy: "resolving resolutions"
(19:52:25) rustybox: well, the solution I know of is to limit the options
(19:52:42) rustybox: and remove magnification setting
(19:52:51) mrkubax10: I don't like the idea of limiting window size flexibility
(19:52:56) matusguy: magnification is only useful for mobile
(19:52:57) Vankata453: also inconsistencies in cutscenes is something Servalot mentioned a while ago regarding The Crystal Catacombs, I remember
(19:53:04) mrkubax10: matusguy: and also for slow computers
(19:53:10) rustybox: it think that has to do with the wait script
(19:53:13) matusguy: slow computers? really?
(19:53:15) rustybox: it isn't always the same
(19:53:24) rustybox: sometimes a wait of 8 is less or more
(19:53:26) Vankata453: resolutions don't affect waiting
(19:53:27) rustybox: idk how to explain it
(19:53:29) mrkubax10: matusguy: yeah, Narre used that to make Supertux run faster on his PC collection
(19:53:30) matusguy: now what we could remove is the aspect ratio setting... it's kinda useless
(19:53:57) Vankata453: that would be for another question
(19:54:10) mrkubax10: questions can be added on demand if necessary
(19:54:13) Vankata453: mrkubax10: could you add those additional questions in the meantime
(19:54:17) Vankata453: in that document
(19:54:23) mrkubax10: that is not editable :/
(19:54:28) mrkubax10: it's just like pastebin
(19:54:30) Vankata453: oh well
(19:54:37) Vankata453: back to the question
(19:55:11) matusguy: i can imagine magnification could be hard to work with though. especially with camera zooming and stuff
(19:55:18) Vankata453: do we ask servalot to elaborate on the resolution inconsistencies?
(19:55:29) matusguy: servalot: yoohoo
(19:55:32) mrkubax10: yeah it seems like a good idea
(19:55:44) mrkubax10: also we need Mathnerd314 for 3 topic
(19:55:48) Vankata453: if he can't then we could postpone this question
(19:55:53) matusguy: mathnerd said hed be on
(19:55:56) tylerandari12: Me when i gotta place my crushers in a way that people playing with 500% magnification can see:
(19:56:33) mrkubax10: well you cannot foresee every case
(19:56:53) Vankata453: can you seriously set 500% magnification? just why...
(19:57:00) Vankata453: anyways not on-topic
(19:57:07) mrkubax10: at least magnification is not buggy
(19:57:26) Vankata453: about badguys, any opinions?
(19:57:26) mrkubax10: finally something that works
(19:57:28) tylerandari12: Bro what do you mean its not on topic? Were literally talking about magnification?
(19:57:33) Vankata453: cause the question got 2 parts
(19:57:43) tylerandari12: Yeah, im talking about the 1st part
(19:57:43) Vankata453: > Were literally talking about magnification?  check the question again
(19:57:54) Vankata453: resolutions, not the magnification option
(19:57:56) rustybox: magnification is awful for level design. case in point crusher
(19:57:59) tylerandari12: Yes
(19:58:01) matusguy: rusty is right
(19:58:45) mrkubax10: well magnification can be removed I guess, it's not something critical
(19:58:53) Vankata453: idk if anyone uses it
(19:58:54) rustybox: yes pls
(19:58:54) mrkubax10: it will resolve the resolution issue partially
(19:58:58) matusguy: and aspect ratio!!!!
(19:58:58) tylerandari12: Yea
(19:59:12) mrkubax10: so maybe voting will be a good idea?
(19:59:15) Vankata453: the resolution issue was more about the cutscene/badguy inconsistencies, idk if there are any more?
(19:59:37) tylerandari12: Same
(19:59:43) matusguy: Also do we really need to make the window resizable
(19:59:47) mrkubax10: yes
(19:59:51) frostc3424: Tbh i don't think removing it would be a good idea, but instead have a warning that the game might have some issues when ur magnification is set high
(19:59:57) Vankata453: i think we should, but that's a part of the problem
(20:00:10) Vankata453: that's why i'm puzzled on this
(20:00:18) mrkubax10: frost3424: do you use magnification?
(20:00:46) mrkubax10: so far I don't think that anyone used it when running in typical environment
(20:00:53) Vankata453: wait i just checked
(20:01:00) Vankata453: my PC runs ST on fullscreen with 160% magnification
(20:01:06) Vankata453: otherwise it's boxed and it doesn't look good
(20:01:17) tylerandari12: Me playing the game on 10% magnification :heart_eyes:
(20:01:28) Vankata453: i guess we could just limit it to sensible values
(20:01:32) rustybox: i use 150
(20:01:39) rustybox: but only cuz i can
(20:01:41) weluvgoatz: i just use the normal one, i like it
(20:01:50) tylerandari12: I dont touch tje settings lol
(20:01:54) rustybox: i like 150 cuz its zoomed in some more but I like both
(20:01:59) matusguy: i dont play fullscreen anyway
(20:02:01) Vankata453: actually currently it seems to be up to 250%, that's pretty much what you'd need
(20:02:16) rustybox: also who uses below 100%
(20:02:19) rustybox: red f l a g
(20:02:34) Vankata453: eh, it isn't a problem if we keep it either way though
(20:02:35) matusguy: mmm yes i love playing with a big black border around the viewport
(20:02:43) tylerandari12: Theyre like the minecraft high FOV users of ST
(20:02:46) frostc3424: Mrkubax10: no but i can see somebody being upset if we remove it. Idk
(20:02:51) matusguy: SO TRUE
(20:02:51) rustybox: c'est parfît
(20:02:56) mrkubax10: or just make it adapt to window size and remove magnification option
(20:02:58) Vankata453: now that i checked I'd be upset
(20:03:05) tylerandari12: Theyll be upset if we remove anything lmao
(20:03:08) matusguy: mrkubax10: good idea
(20:03:09) Vankata453: mrkubax10: good idea actually
(20:03:24) rustybox: facts
(20:03:25) Vankata453: it's basically like the "auto" option for magnification currently
(20:03:30) Vankata453: but it's forced on "auto"
(20:03:47) mrkubax10: yes
(20:03:57) Vankata453: and auto makes it the way it should be
(20:04:08) mrkubax10: this is the idea that I had from the beginning
(20:04:21) Vankata453: still, let's leave this for another question?
(20:04:42) matusguy: Eh
(20:04:45) tylerandari12: idk
(20:04:49) matusguy: Do we at least agree that
(20:04:53) mrkubax10: does that matter?
(20:04:54) matusguy: we can remove aspect ratio
(20:05:05) Vankata453: wanna ask about resolution issues with badguy activation/deactivation, do you all think they matter much
(20:05:08) tylerandari12: Not against it
(20:05:16) tylerandari12: Talkingnto Marty
(20:05:18) matusguy: what about aspect ratio!!!!!!!!!
(20:05:23) Vankata453: matusguy: let's leave it for another quewstion
(20:05:42) mrkubax10: but does the aspect ratio option cause any issues?
(20:05:45) matusguy: grr ok
(20:05:51) rustybox: :snowballclueless:
(20:05:55) tylerandari12: :snoozrun:
(20:05:56) matusguy: mrkubax10: its useless
(20:06:00) matusguy: the setting
(20:06:04) matusguy: is useless
(20:06:08) matusguy: it just stretches ur screen
(20:06:09) mrkubax10: well maybe for someone it's useful
(20:06:16) tylerandari12: Yeah for like 0.5 people
(20:06:28) mrkubax10: if it doesn't cause issues then it can be kept
(20:06:31) matusguy: how is it useful
(20:06:33) Vankata453: ...
(20:06:45) mrkubax10: matusguy: I think that you are overcomplicating there
(20:06:47) matusguy: it's literally a stretch your screen to make it look bad button
(20:06:54) tylerandari12: Is stretching your screen an issue?
(20:07:01) tylerandari12: Asking for a friend
(20:07:05) mrkubax10: just don't use it
(20:07:19) matusguy: ok whatever
(20:07:24) frostc3424: Actually wait
(20:07:30) * mrkubax10 actually waits
(20:07:48) frostc3424: I do use the screen scale thing sometimes
(20:08:05) tylerandari12: sosad
(20:08:24) matusguy: what screen scale
(20:08:28) frostc3424: Because often if i needa take a screenshot of the game, ill set the scale to 100% so that i can actually like, get a sense of scale when doing some graphics stuff
(20:09:00) frostc3424: Very specific but yeah.
(20:09:10) mrkubax10: so maybe let's just make 2 options: 100% and auto
(20:09:18) tylerandari12: True
(20:09:41) tylerandari12: 100% for pixel perfect and auto for auto
(20:09:48) frostc3424: Yeah that seems fair
(20:09:51) tylerandari12: Heck, we could even call it pixel perfect
(20:09:52) rustybox: autobots roll out
(20:10:02) tylerandari12: AutoBlocks roll out
(20:10:02) Vankata453: I agree
(20:10:16) mrkubax10: alright so maybe continue with what Vankata said
(20:11:23) Vankata453: about resolution issues with badguy activation/deactivation, do you all think they matter much
(20:11:33) tylerandari12: idk
(20:12:05) Vankata453: personally i don't really but there may be something i'm missing
(20:12:06) servalot: pretty sure different aspect ratios cause different inconsistencies in cutscenes, causing elements to desync. idk why. but it happens
(20:12:17) mrkubax10: in what way desync?
(20:12:35) tylerandari12: I can see GUI elements desyncing, but not gameplay
(20:12:49) servalot: it desyncs, like scripting controller uses can fail
(20:13:10) mrkubax10: ah
(20:13:24) tylerandari12: How does that happen lmao
(20:13:27) mrkubax10: it looks more like timing issue
(20:13:36) Vankata453: QUESTION 2.1 CONCLUSION: Limit magnification option to just "auto" and "100%" (pixel perfect).
(20:13:40) Vankata453: (ignore this)
(20:13:48) tylerandari12: (ok)
(20:13:49) mrkubax10: maybe "adapted" and "pixel perfect"
(20:13:53) tylerandari12: Yeah
(20:14:01) Vankata453: that doesn't affect their naming, just an explanation
(20:14:15) tylerandari12: Yea, but names are also cool
(20:14:19) Vankata453: yeah yeah
(20:14:40) mrkubax10: I would have to see that desync issue to say anything more about it
(20:14:47) Vankata453: QUESTION 2.1 CONCLUSION: Limit magnification option to just "adapted" (formerly "auto") and "pixel perfect" (100%).
(20:14:53) Vankata453: yeah me too
(20:15:36) rustybox: sounds good to me
(20:15:58) frostc3424: Could someone repost the agenda?
(20:16:02) Vankata453: about resolution issues, there's probably no opinions as far as i can see
(20:16:12) mrkubax10: frost3424: https://termbin.com/fcyv
(20:16:21) frostc3424: Thanks
(20:16:42) Vankata453: i just wanna mention a solution for badguy inconsistencies (if they matter): a virtual viewport which is as big as the biggest possible resolution is
(20:16:49) mrkubax10: vankata453: For now I don't see any good way of solving this
(20:16:56) tylerandari12: same
(20:17:14) Leopold has quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)
(20:17:16) mrkubax10: because currently it depends on viewport size right?
(20:17:38) mrkubax10: just making sure
(20:17:43) Vankata453: i'm not even sure how it works tbh
(20:17:51) Vankata453: but ik people have mentioned incosnsteicnes
(20:17:56) Leopold has joined #supertux
(20:18:22) Vankata453:  static const float X_OFFSCREEN_DISTANCE = 1280; static const float Y_OFFSCREEN_DISTANCE = 800;
(20:18:35) tylerandari12: Bros hacking the IRC oh noooo
(20:18:36) mrkubax10: so there shouldn't be any inconsitencies
(20:18:51) mrkubax10: offscreen distance is always the same
(20:18:52) Vankata453: so it checks based on distance from the camera center based on those constants
(20:19:08) Vankata453: well seems like there shouldn't be? but why was it mentioned before
(20:19:31) mrkubax10: who was the first to mention this?
(20:19:56) Vankata453: i remember someone in #general did recently
(20:20:29) mrkubax10: could you look it up?
(20:21:21) Vankata453: https://discord.com/channels/396020303257534474/396022213100437504/1213508033259503647
(20:22:06) Vankata453: "i know the badguys spawning is at least consistent" hm
(20:22:13) Vankata453: maybe that wasn't the issue
(20:22:35) tylerandari12: Inconsistencies? Just make them consistent.
(20:22:40) tylerandari12: Its that simple.
(20:23:10) mrkubax10: ah so I don't think that we can do anything without limiting window size
(20:23:28) mrkubax10: so it's not related to offscreen distance
(20:23:37) Vankata453: if y'all want we can conclude this question with "cutscene issues could be looked into more", but not account for the other, since we cannot just limit hte window size
(20:23:45) mrkubax10: seems good
(20:24:38) tylerandari12: Also speaking of badguys despawning shoutout to how i throw an iceblock offscreen and i think it dies but ut actually just despawned.
(20:25:07) Vankata453: QUESTION 2 CONCLUSION: Cutscene issues could be looked into more, but we cannot limit the window size to account for certain inconsistencies.
(20:25:29) Vankata453: wanna discuss aspect ratios as question 2.2?
(20:25:37) matusguy: yea
(20:25:41) Vankata453: i honestly don't see the point either
(20:25:50) mrkubax10: for me if it works then why remove it
(20:25:56) Leopold_ has joined #supertux
(20:26:07) Vankata453: i mean it's good to keep the options that make sense, that have a use
(20:26:12) matusguy: i just wanna say that phones have weirdest aspect ratios out there
(20:26:20) tylerandari12: True
(20:26:37) tylerandari12: Me when i 15683:5
(20:26:39) matusguy: aspect ratio option has no use
(20:26:46) Vankata453: well we could just limit it to the closest aspect ratio available depending on the device?
(20:26:55) Vankata453: we can't do every weird aspect ratio
(20:27:05) Vankata453: preset ratios is what would help us
(20:27:09) matusguy: or we could just
(20:27:17) matusguy: w:h
(20:27:19) matusguy: done
(20:27:23) matusguy: theres ur aspect ratio
(20:27:30) Vankata453: you mean custom?
(20:27:42) tylerandari12: custom aspect ratio :fire"
(20:27:44) matusguy: in fact i think the game already supports this
(20:28:06) mrkubax10: I don't have anything to say there
(20:28:09) Vankata453: honestly not a bad idea, but it may contribute to inconsistencies mentioned earlier. but even then, we already cannot account for those so...
(20:28:24) rustybox: custom ratio "l"
(20:28:33) mrkubax10: L+ratio
(20:28:41) matusguy: https://i.imgur.com/YNiCEUm.png
(20:28:45) tylerandari12: L bozo
(20:28:52) Vankata453: 404
(20:28:59) matusguy: wtf
(20:29:01) matusguy: whatever
(20:29:03) tylerandari12: Abseloute peak
(20:29:14) matusguy: i just realized that screenshot doesnt even prove anything anway
(20:29:22) Leopold has quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)
(20:29:26) Vankata453: anyways the question was about whether to keep the option
(20:30:07) matusguy: maybe keep the option and only support auto, 4:3, and 16:19
(20:30:10) matusguy: 16:9
(20:30:31) tylerandari12: Isnt that what we already do lol
(20:30:38) matusguy: No we support like
(20:30:40) matusguy: 5:4
(20:30:46) Leopold_ has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
(20:30:46) tylerandari12: Also 16:19 is peak
(20:30:51) matusguy: and other random stuff
(20:30:57) tylerandari12: Huh
(20:31:03) tylerandari12: This is so 5:4
(20:31:06) Vankata453: weren't some monitors 5:4
(20:31:17) Vankata453: would make sense for us to
(20:31:22) Leopold has joined #supertux
(20:31:22) rustybox: i thought it was 4:3
(20:31:23) matusguy: 1368:768
(20:31:25) Vankata453: wait, what if we just did the same thing as magnification
(20:31:30) Vankata453: just leave it as auto
(20:31:31) rustybox: kill me now
(20:31:55) tylerandari12: auto plz
(20:31:56) mrkubax10: hmm however since window is resizable I don't think that this aspect ratio make any sense
(20:32:01) mrkubax10: you can just resize window
(20:32:11) Vankata453: what about fullscreen
(20:32:20) matusguy: fullscreen is just a big window
(20:32:36) Vankata453: but how would you go about resizing it
(20:32:48) tylerandari12: like a big window?
(20:32:51) mrkubax10: fullscreen just adapts window size to window screen
(20:32:58) tylerandari12: Yea
(20:33:10) mrkubax10: makes it top level and without decorations
(20:33:30) Vankata453: ah so you mean users should just not use the fullscreen option but rather resize the window however they want
(20:33:44) Vankata453: to simulate aspect ratio
(20:33:52) tylerandari12: Sounds good to me
(20:34:01) matusguy: the case for windowed fullscreen. Theres also video fullscreen which lets you choose the resolution and accidentally mess up your screen setup
(20:34:12) matusguy: about the window top level and without decorations
(20:34:26) mrkubax10: I don't think that we are going anywhere with this..
(20:34:37) Vankata453: perhaps better to leave it for now
(20:34:38) matusguy: kinda true yea
(20:34:42) matusguy: leave it for nopw
(20:34:43) Vankata453: idk i see what kubax meant earler
(20:34:44) tylerandari12: lol
(20:35:04) mrkubax10: right now it's just making up problems
(20:35:17) matusguy: sooooooo
(20:35:23) Vankata453: QUESTION 2.2 CONCLUSION: Leave all "Aspect Ratio" options as they are for now, otherwise new problems are made up.
(20:35:29) matusguy: ok
(20:35:30) mrkubax10: good
(20:35:30) matusguy: next
(20:35:38) rustybox: sure
(20:35:38) Vankata453: no mathnerd
(20:35:43) tylerandari12: sosad
(20:35:49) mrkubax10: mathnerd came up with this idea so not sure what to do now
(20:35:52) Vankata453: i could skip to 4th question
(20:35:54) matusguy: Skip
(20:36:00) mrkubax10: yes
(20:36:02) Vankata453: 4. Taking about how we review things...?
(20:36:08) tylerandari12: Yooo the good stuff
(20:36:11) matusguy: Us coders should review things IN GAME
(20:36:21) matusguy: quit leaving everything to rusty
(20:36:21) Vankata453: i think we already agreed to review more thorougly or if we approve partially, mention that in the description of approval
(20:36:23) mrkubax10: I always do that
(20:36:30) matusguy: YOU DO?
(20:36:34) tylerandari12: :chadnolok:
(20:36:35) mrkubax10: that one time I didn't
(20:36:36) Vankata453: yeah kubax does that
(20:36:50) mrkubax10: for the most part I do
(20:37:04) matusguy: Alright, but...
(20:37:05) mrkubax10: firstly I read the changes and then check it in game
(20:37:07) Vankata453: but can we still mention if we didn't fully review in approval description so it isn't counted as a 100% approval?
(20:37:13) Vankata453: but we could do it later
(20:37:18) Vankata453: or is that advised against
(20:37:32) mrkubax10: if someone is not sure with approval then they should mention that
(20:37:41) matusguy: if it's related to a graphical change or a game design change, always ask rusty
(20:37:43) Vankata453: but under approval or just a comment?
(20:37:58) mrkubax10: whatever fits better
(20:38:04) mrkubax10: doesn't matter much
(20:38:15) Vankata453: we should always go through all approvals in a PR and check them for messages ig
(20:38:23) mrkubax10: yes
(20:38:24) Vankata453: they can have notes like "didn't check in-game yet"
(20:38:33) Vankata453: so like you don't count it
(20:38:48) mrkubax10: but we are still following the 2 full approval rule before merging?
(20:38:51) Vankata453: and about review requests: always on github, otherwise they aren't taken into account
(20:39:05) Vankata453: mrkubax10: i believe so?
(20:39:09) mrkubax10: alright
(20:39:10) Vankata453: we always seem to do that
(20:39:21) matusguy: Yes but its kinda stupid to decide to merge something in irc even though i asked rusty right before
(20:39:50) matusguy: Example: sliding rotation pr
(20:39:54) Vankata453: i am not required to have checked all chats for potential review requests though
(20:40:02) Vankata453: no one is
(20:40:13) matusguy: You shoudl!!!
(20:40:15) Vankata453: even tho we still do the 15-20 minutes before merge thingy
(20:40:23) mrkubax10: I tend to try to not check Discord very often because it distracts me
(20:40:23) Vankata453: so idk how that happened
(20:40:33) matusguy: kubax it was in irc
(20:40:35) Vankata453: matusguy: i object, github review requiests are for that
(20:40:45) weluvgoatz: So the rule, if i remember, is if a PR receives 2 approvals, then after 20 minutes it gets merged?
(20:40:51) Vankata453: 15-20 minutes...
(20:41:00) mrkubax10: matusguy: yeah but I'm referring to checking very chat
(20:41:02) Vankata453: like it's mentioned here in IRC always
(20:41:04) tylerandari12: I thought it was 10 minutes lmao
(20:41:18) matusguy: 10 miniutes is fine
(20:41:21) Vankata453: 10 is little
(20:41:25) Vankata453: 5 more wouldn't hurt
(20:41:26) Vankata453: imo
(20:41:28) matusguy: true
(20:41:34) tylerandari12: Not against it
(20:41:37) Tobbi: morning.
(20:41:44) mrkubax10: there is no specific time before merging
(20:41:48) mrkubax10: usually 10-20 minutes
(20:41:50) matusguy: hahaha morning
(20:41:56) mrkubax10: Tobbi: hello
(20:41:58) Vankata453: could it be at least 15 minutes? more chance of someone catching up
(20:42:00) tylerandari12: :coffee:
(20:42:07) weluvgoatz: I think 20 mins is way too short. Some people (like me) can be entirely busy for up to 12 hours and may have objections, so I feel like it should be at least 12 hours before merging of medium/big PRs at least
(20:42:12) Leopold has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
(20:42:19) allie: Only for big prs
(20:42:24) tylerandari12: Yea
(20:42:27) Vankata453: for big PRs i would agree
(20:42:28) matusguy: only for big ones
(20:42:29) weluvgoatz: Small PRs it is ok for 10-15 mins
(20:42:34) Vankata453: otherwise small PRs have been opened for a while and you had the chance
(20:42:36) mrkubax10: alright
(20:42:43) allie: also one thing tiny prs shouldnt require 2 approvals if thats the case
(20:42:47) Vankata453: so at least 10 or 15 minutes?
(20:42:55) allie: 15
(20:42:57) matusguy: i think tiny prs require 2 approvals
(20:42:57) Tobbi: What are bros cooking?
(20:42:58) weluvgoatz: I think all PRs should require 2 approvals
(20:42:58) Vankata453: allie: don't think that's fair
(20:43:06) Vankata453: small PRs can introduce big bugs
(20:43:09) mrkubax10: Tobbi: we have team meeting currently
(20:43:22) Vankata453: perhaps even require big PRs 3 approvals or smth
(20:43:28) Vankata453: to be fair
(20:43:33) tylerandari12: so sad
(20:43:37) mrkubax10: that will slow down merging
(20:43:37) Tobbi: mrkubax10: I can see that :D
(20:43:39) weluvgoatz: I think for smaller PRs 15 mins should be fine and larger, a couple hours?
(20:43:48) Vankata453: mrkubax10: but it will increase quality control
(20:43:55) weluvgoatz: Agree
(20:43:57) mrkubax10: if you say so
(20:44:06) weluvgoatz: But we also have to determine what constitutes a big vs small PR
(20:44:08) tylerandari12: I mean its already hard enough to get 2 approves
(20:44:17) Tobbi: Okay, I'm gonna push directly to master way more often from this point on.
(20:44:23) tylerandari12: lmao
(20:44:23) weluvgoatz: Lol
(20:44:24) rustybox: shut up
(20:44:27) matusguy: stfu tobbi
(20:44:29) mrkubax10: on the edge
(20:44:33) Vankata453: master for like very little stuff
(20:44:34) tylerandari12: edging
(20:44:38) matusguy: edging
(20:44:42) allie: ...
(20:44:44) Vankata453: ...
(20:44:46) mrkubax10: ...
(20:44:48) tylerandari12: ...
(20:44:48) matusguy: ...
(20:44:49) Tobbi: Speaking of edging.
(20:44:54) frostc3424: bro
(20:44:55) mrkubax10: orange is literally trolling this meeting
(20:44:57) frostc3424: :snowstare:
(20:45:04) tylerandari12: lmao
(20:45:05) Tobbi: This ties nicely into the discussion we had yesterday in FAVORMS.
(20:45:14) tylerandari12: i am the embodiment of chaos
(20:45:22) Tobbi: You're the embodiment of concrete.
(20:45:22) mrkubax10: want kick? :D
(20:45:28) Tobbi: Good idea.
(20:45:28) frostc3424: LMAO
(20:45:29) Vankata453: can we continue
(20:45:41) rustybox: yeah please
(20:45:43) mrkubax10: yeah pls
(20:45:46) matusguy: yea pls
(20:45:52) tylerandari12: yeah pls
(20:45:54) Tobbi: I'm trolling the meeting
(20:45:57) Tobbi: And I'M part of the team.
(20:46:01) Tobbi: Something's definitely wrong here.
(20:46:07) Vankata453: last thing we talked about is 10 minutes or 15 at least?
(20:46:07) matusguy: why is tobbi irc operator
(20:46:07) tylerandari12: This meeting is great
(20:46:09) Vankata453: for small PRs
(20:46:15) mrkubax10: Tobbi: not as much as tylerandari12
(20:46:20) jesusalva: (don't you usually discriminate as "bugfix" versus "feature/enhancement"?)
(20:46:28) Tobbi: /kick matusguy feel the power of the superior masses
(20:46:31) Vankata453: right, right
(20:46:32) weluvgoatz: 15 mins for small prs, a couple hours (maybe 12) for bigger ones
(20:46:41) weluvgoatz: True
(20:46:45) Vankata453: we have labels for that
(20:46:48) Tobbi: What are we talking about?
(20:47:01) mrkubax10: how we review things
(20:47:02) Vankata453: time before PR merge, what is a big/small PR
(20:47:08) Tobbi: And what about timing?
(20:47:18) mrkubax10: how much wait before merging after 2 approvals
(20:47:18) Tobbi: I think the whole time thing is overrated tbh
(20:47:21) Vankata453: > 15 mins for small prs, a couple hours (maybe 12) for bigger ones  i agree with daneil
(20:47:21) weluvgoatz: About the required # of approvals...do we stick with 2 for all, or bump it up to 3 for bigger ones?
(20:47:29) Tobbi: I get the approvals thing but...
(20:47:37) Tobbi: either people have something to say against things or not.
(20:47:41) Leopold has joined #supertux
(20:47:45) Vankata453: no timing actually helps if someone has last objections
(20:47:46) allie: A case when 3 approvals would be nice wouldve been the tile pr.
(20:47:54) tylerandari12: I guess whether it counts as a big PR should be decided per PR
(20:48:04) tylerandari12: Example of a big pr being the tile pr(s)
(20:48:08) mrkubax10: let's leave that for further interpretation
(20:48:14) Tobbi: I'd *really* like to know how other projects do it.
(20:48:17) Vankata453: i agree, further interpretation
(20:48:19) matusguy: yea and like vankata said we could use tags
(20:48:24) Tobbi: I've never seen people being so strict on timing...
(20:48:26) tylerandari12: Thats true
(20:48:31) mrkubax10: Tobbi: most of our current practices were stolen by me from Minetest :D
(20:48:41) mrkubax10: like the merging in x minutes
(20:48:41) weluvgoatz: Anyway I'm gonna eat lunch rn I will talk to you guys in a bit.
(20:48:49) tylerandari12: Yum
(20:48:51) matusguy: yum
(20:48:53) Tobbi: mrkubax10: I'm not sure if minetest is the best example
(20:49:02) mrkubax10: maybe not but I liked the idea
(20:49:03) matusguy: Tobbi minetest is peak
(20:49:12) Tobbi: Do we have a meeting agenda up?
(20:49:14) Leopold has quit (Remote host closed the connection)
(20:49:18) mrkubax10: yeah
(20:49:22) mrkubax10: https://termbin.com/fcyv
(20:49:27) Tobbi: schankedön
(20:49:34) matusguy: whatever this means!
(20:49:39) mrkubax10: however I have idea for 5 topic
(20:49:47) frostc3424: Were on topic 4, correct?
(20:49:50) mrkubax10: yes
(20:49:51) Vankata453: so do we do the 3 reviews for big PRs (determined case-by-case)?
(20:49:57) matusguy: Yea
(20:50:00) allie: yea
(20:50:03) tylerandari12: yes
(20:50:04) frostc3424: Okay
(20:50:04) Vankata453: i think we should
(20:50:11) mrkubax10: as you say
(20:50:12) tylerandari12: Sounds good to me
(20:50:15) Vankata453: but i don't rmemeber
(20:50:18) Vankata453: okay, okay
(20:50:36) weluvgoatz: Yes i agree with 3 #agreeWith3
(20:50:45) mrkubax10: (spoiler: it won't be practiced anyway)
(20:50:46) tylerandari12: #agreeWith3
(20:50:48) Tobbi: What constitutes a big PR?
(20:50:55) Tobbi: How do we define that?
(20:51:00) Vankata453: kinda wanna do a sum-up, 2 reviews - small PRs, 3 - big PRs; we should wait 10-15 minutes for small PRs and a few hours for big PRs
(20:51:03) tylerandari12: I guess wed have to see when the PR is open
(20:51:13) Vankata453: i think we were gonna do it case-by-case
(20:51:18) matusguy: like, adding a badguy for example, a big feature
(20:51:21) tylerandari12: Yeah
(20:51:24) mrkubax10: Tobbi: when you have wait a while before PR diff page loads
(20:51:25) mrkubax10: :D
(20:51:33) matusguy: lmao
(20:51:37) Tobbi: Can I still do "switch variable name letters around so they are unrecognizable and make the code way more complicated than it's supposed to be" PRs without 2 approvals?
(20:51:40) Vankata453: internet speeds quickly gonna make some PRs slow
(20:51:45) tylerandari12: When GitHub Desktop says the file is too big.
(20:51:49) mrkubax10: Tobbi: yes
(20:51:53) Tobbi: cool.
(20:52:09) Vankata453: PRs without 2 approvals doens't seem like a good idea imo
(20:52:31) mrkubax10: but when it's trivial?
(20:52:47) Vankata453: wdym
(20:52:56) matusguy: yea
(20:52:57) mrkubax10: like the situation FIXED TYPO IN README NOW PLS ADD ME TO CONTRIBUTORS
(20:53:02) matusguy: 2 approvals minimum
(20:53:07) Vankata453: typo in readme i agree there
(20:53:11) matusguy: uea
(20:53:14) Vankata453: can we call those "minimalistic"?
(20:53:18) Vankata453: or "cosmetic"?
(20:53:22) mrkubax10: yes
(20:53:27) matusguy: meta
(20:53:40) Vankata453: okay, adding: "cosmetic" PRs don't require more than 1 approval
(20:53:41) Vankata453: good?
(20:53:43) mrkubax10: so I guess it's discussed
(20:53:45) mrkubax10: yes
(20:53:47) matusguy: yea
(20:53:49) Vankata453: let's do a sum-up first
(20:53:51) tylerandari12: Tbh when does one receive the contributors role? Do we have some sprta set guidelines on how to get it?
(20:54:03) matusguy: on discord?
(20:54:05) rustybox: be active
(20:54:07) tylerandari12: Yea
(20:54:09) mrkubax10: when you make PRs regularly enough
(20:54:11) rustybox: not just one commit and bye
(20:54:22) rustybox: active part of community and helpful
(20:54:24) mrkubax10: it cannot be defined, just when it seems appropriate
(20:54:30) Leopold has joined #supertux
(20:54:32) tylerandari12: Bruh
(20:54:37) tylerandari12: This is so sad
(20:54:40) mrkubax10: same way when adding people to team
(20:54:59) Vankata453: QUESTION 4 CONCLUSION: 1 review required for cosmetic PRs, 2 reviews required for small PRs, 3 required for big PRs. We should wait 10-15 minutes before merging small PRs, and a few hours for big PRs.
(20:55:20) Vankata453: for dev contributors, multiple PRs with notable contributions seems good enough
(20:55:29) matusguy: yea
(20:55:34) tylerandari12: sure
(20:55:38) Vankata453: okay now it's time for the additional questions
(20:55:42) Vankata453: frost had one
(20:55:48) Vankata453: we discussed the other ones under 2 i think
(20:56:15) Vankata453: @frostc3424 what was your question
(20:56:32) mrkubax10: alright so I have fifth topic if someone wants to discuss that: What about our current sound system? Maybe rewriting it in SDL which allows more control over samples would be a good idea
(20:56:43) mrkubax10: for example for adding sound effects
(20:56:49) Vankata453: im not familiar enough
(20:56:54) frostc3424: I remember how i wanted to discuss the BI1 project
(20:56:56) matusguy: Do we get to remove any dependencies
(20:57:01) mrkubax10: OpenAL
(20:57:04) matusguy: AMAZING
(20:57:05) matusguy: yes
(20:57:06) Vankata453: let's first do kubax's question
(20:57:09) tylerandari12: Peak
(20:57:19) frostc3424: Please do something else before this though as currently im walking a dog
(20:57:27) Vankata453: 5. What about our current sound system? Maybe rewriting it in SDL which allows more control over samples would be a good idea?
(20:57:30) matusguy: also we should remove glm and fmt
(20:57:33) mrkubax10: with SDL you write samples manually to provided buffer
(20:57:37) matusguy: but thats for another time
(20:57:44) mrkubax10: yeah, not important rn
(20:57:46) frostc3424: (Preferably keep the bi discussion last)
(20:57:47) Vankata453: maybe next meeting
(20:57:54) mrkubax10: yes
(20:58:00) tylerandari12: SO SAD
(20:58:04) matusguy: soo we still need ogg vorbis
(20:58:06) Vankata453: im not sure what more control over samples means here
(20:58:15) mrkubax10: matusguy: for decoding compressed audio, yes
(20:58:35) mrkubax10: Vankata453: as I said you write samples manually
(20:58:39) matusguy: oh right for reading the file
(20:58:41) mrkubax10: so you can alter then however you want
(20:58:44) matusguy: Whatever happened to sdl mixer
(20:58:51) tylerandari12: just use `play_sound()` :trollcan:
(20:58:51) Vankata453: you can alter the sound?
(20:58:58) mrkubax10: obviously you can
(20:59:02) matusguy: yea obviouslty
(20:59:11) Vankata453: that will be really useful for one suggestion i've had in mind
(20:59:11) mrkubax10: just like you have pixels with video, you have samples with sound
(20:59:15) Vankata453: the underwater effect
(20:59:31) matusguy: Yea the underwater effect is nice
(20:59:43) Vankata453: i see this as a must to implement tbh
(20:59:43) matusguy: is a nice idea
(20:59:47) tylerandari12: underwater effect would be peak
(20:59:54) mrkubax10: obviously you have to know how to change the values to get certain effect but this would allow it
(20:59:58) Vankata453: if you think this will help
(21:00:10) Vankata453: could play around with those values
(21:00:22) Vankata453: so it can't be done currently?
(21:01:07) mrkubax10: maybe with streaming OpenAL buffers but removing another dependency seems nice :D
(21:01:16) Vankata453: ah, definitely
(21:01:25) matusguy: removing another dependency
(21:01:28) matusguy: is a blessing
(21:01:32) Vankata453: marty will be partying
(21:01:37) mrkubax10: since I know how to do most of what OpenAL does manually
(21:01:45) matusguy: Really noce
(21:01:46) tylerandari12: :partyclueless:
(21:01:51) Vankata453: let's give it a try??
(21:01:57) mrkubax10: yeah
(21:02:06) Vankata453: and to be exact, give you a try at it, right?
(21:02:09) mrkubax10: also OpenAL is quite buggy
(21:02:11) Vankata453: cause you said you have the knowledge
(21:02:18) matusguy: openal is buggy yea
(21:02:18) mrkubax10: I can try
(21:02:29) mrkubax10: to be exact, openal-soft is
(21:02:34) matusguy: yea
(21:02:37) matusguy: salright i think its decided?
(21:02:45) mrkubax10: yeah
(21:02:49) tylerandari12: syeah
(21:02:55) Vankata453: QUESTION 5 CONCLUSION: mrkubax10 will have a try at rewriting the sound system in SDL for more control over samples.
(21:02:56) matusguy: sexpression
(21:03:04) tylerandari12: sexp
(21:03:06) matusguy: OOH! I wanna talk about how to replace fmt
(21:03:14) mrkubax10: so topic 6?
(21:03:17) Vankata453: 6. What about replacing the fmt dependency?
(21:03:23) matusguy: Yea and then b1 progress
(21:03:27) matusguy: bi1*
(21:03:27) mrkubax10: we are going for 1,5h lol
(21:03:33) tylerandari12: peak
(21:03:36) Vankata453: i'll have to go soon btw
(21:03:40) matusguy: oh
(21:03:45) tylerandari12: :oh:
(21:03:46) mrkubax10: we can do another meeting in one week if necessary
(21:03:55) Vankata453: we can still discuss fmt
(21:03:58) Vankata453: we already started
(21:04:09) matusguy: anyway, i was thinking, would using snprintf be enough to replace fmt?
(21:04:29) mrkubax10: one problem is that you cannot pass std::strings to it
(21:04:38) matusguy: Then we write a wrapper
(21:04:39) mrkubax10: you would have to do .c_str() every time
(21:04:45) Vankata453: wrapper can work
(21:04:53) mrkubax10: how would you do it?
(21:04:56) Vankata453: is c_str() slowing down anything
(21:05:04) mrkubax10: no
(21:05:14) mrkubax10: it just introduces the so called "noise" to the code
(21:05:23) tylerandari12: woag
(21:05:48) Vankata453: okay, but with variadic arguments or templates...
(21:05:53) matusguy: just make a function that takes const std::string& and gives std::string, calls std::snprintf, and returns the result, then we use it everywhere
(21:05:55) Vankata453: can't it be modified to have all string arguments c_str
(21:05:59) mrkubax10: snprintf expects variadic arguments
(21:06:11) matusguy: variadic arguments are easy
(21:06:14) mrkubax10: at this point it makes more sense to write own string formatting function
(21:06:58) Vankata453: idk about this one
(21:07:13) Vankata453: but it should be possible since we use just that 1 function from fmt
(21:07:15) mrkubax10: Vankata453: maybe you could somehow iterate over the arguments and convert them to char*
(21:07:35) mrkubax10: not sure, this has to be looked into
(21:07:36) Vankata453: i know you can do that with templates at least...
(21:07:54) Vankata453: you can iterate over Args... afair
(21:08:01) mrkubax10: but again, snprintf expects variadic arguments
(21:08:11) matusguy: whats the problem with that
(21:08:16) matusguy: i dont get it
(21:08:22) Vankata453: well, can't we pass the variadic arguments of the template over
(21:08:28) mrkubax10: yeah
(21:08:33) mrkubax10: you would have to somehow convert that
(21:08:52) Vankata453: we could just make the question to be whether we should look into it
(21:08:52) matusguy: template? who said anything about templates
(21:09:08) Vankata453: not exactly how but whether we should
(21:09:30) Vankata453: i think we should personally
(21:09:47) mrkubax10: so I guess for now the simples option is to just write wrapper around snprintf that outputs a std::string and passes all arguments to snprintf
(21:09:59) matusguy: Yea
(21:10:35) mrkubax10: alright so this is the decision?
(21:10:50) matusguy: Yes
(21:11:02) mrkubax10: vankata453: ?
(21:11:04) Vankata453: QUESTION 6 CONCLUSION: Writing a wrapper around snprintf that outputs a std::string and passes all arguments to it will be looked into.
(21:11:14) Vankata453: this?
(21:11:17) mrkubax10: yes
(21:11:18) matusguy: yep
(21:11:21) matusguy: errr
(21:11:22) matusguy: wat now
(21:11:22) mrkubax10: alright so we probably should stop now
(21:11:26) matusguy: but frost
(21:11:32) Vankata453: about the frost question...
(21:11:34) Vankata453: i will go now
(21:11:35) allie: @frostc3424 walk the dog faster
(21:11:37) mrkubax10: we can do next meeting next week
(21:11:38) matusguy: oops
(21:12:00) mrkubax10: it doesn't have to be every 1-2 months
(21:12:07) Vankata453: so we close this?
(21:12:09) mrkubax10: can be more often if needed
(21:12:12) mrkubax10: I guess
(21:12:15) matusguy: sure
(21:12:17) matusguy: next week
(21:12:19) Vankata453: okay, stop logging here
(21:12:20) mrkubax10: good
(21:12:23) matusguy: sunday probably
(21:12:24) matusguy: LAST
(21:12:25) * mrkubax10 is not logging anymore
```
